<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"/>
<title>NET Bible 2.1 (noteless) 2 Samuel 5:18-25</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>2 Samuel<br/>Chapter 5</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Conflict with the Philistines</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">17</span> When the Philistines heard that David had been designated king over Israel, they all went up to search for David. When David heard about it, he went down to the fortress. <span class="verse">18</span> Now the Philistines had arrived and spread out in the valley of Rephaim. <span class="verse">19</span> So David asked the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, “Should I march up against the Philistines? Will you hand them over to me?” The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> said to David, “March up, for I will indeed hand the Philistines over to you.” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">20</span> So David marched against Baal Perazim and defeated them there. Then he said, “The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> has burst out against my enemies like water bursts out.” So he called the name of that place Baal Perazim. <span class="verse">21</span> The Philistines abandoned their idols there, and David and his men picked them up.</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">22</span> The Philistines again came up and spread out in the valley of Rephaim. <span class="verse">23</span> So David asked the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> what he should do. This time the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> said to him, “Don’t march straight up. Instead, circle around behind them and come against them opposite the trees. <span class="verse">24</span> When you hear the sound of marching in the tops of the trees, act decisively. For at that moment the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> is going before you to strike down the army of the Philistines.” <span class="verse">25</span> David did just as the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> commanded him, and he struck down the Philistines from Gibeon all the way to Gezer. </p>
</body>
</html>