<h1>1 Chronicles<br/>Chapter 2</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Israel’s Descendants</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> These were the sons of Israel: Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah; Issachar and Zebulun; </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">2</span> Dan, Joseph, and Benjamin; </p>
<p class="bodytext">Naphtali, Gad, and Asher. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Judah’s Descendants</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">3</span> The sons of Judah: Er, Onan, and Shelah. These three were born to him by Bathshua, a Canaanite woman. Er, Judah’s firstborn, displeased the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, so the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> killed him. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">4</span> Tamar, Judah’s daughter-in-law, bore to him Perez and Zerah. Judah had five sons in all. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">5</span> The sons of Perez: Hezron and Hamul. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">6</span> The sons of Zerah: Zimri, Ethan, Heman, Kalkol, Dara —five in all. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">7</span> The son of Carmi: Achan, who brought the disaster on Israel when he stole what was devoted to God. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">8</span> The son of Ethan: Azariah.</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">9</span> The sons born to Hezron: Jerahmeel, Ram, and Caleb. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Ram’s Descendants</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">10</span> Ram was the father of Amminadab, and Amminadab was the father of Nahshon, the tribal chief of Judah. <span class="verse">11</span> Nahshon was the father of Salma, and Salma was the father of Boaz. <span class="verse">12</span> Boaz was the father of Obed, and Obed was the father of Jesse. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">13</span> Jesse was the father of Eliab, his firstborn; Abinadab was born second, Shimea third, <span class="verse">14</span> Nethanel fourth, Raddai fifth, <span class="verse">15</span> Ozem sixth, and David seventh. <span class="verse">16</span> Their sisters were Zeruiah and Abigail. Zeruiah’s three sons were Abshai, Joab, and Asahel. <span class="verse">17</span> Abigail bore Amasa, whose father was Jether the Ishmaelite. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Caleb’s Descendants</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">18</span> Caleb son of Hezron fathered sons by his wife Azubah (also known as Jerioth). Her sons were Jesher, Shobab, and Ardon. <span class="verse">19</span> When Azubah died, Caleb married Ephrath, who bore him Hur. <span class="verse">20</span> Hur was the father of Uri, and Uri was the father of Bezalel. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">21</span> Later Hezron slept with the daughter of Makir, the father of Gilead. (He had married her when he was sixty years old.) She bore him Segub. <span class="verse">22</span> Segub was the father of Jair, who owned twenty-three cities in the land of Gilead. <span class="verse">23</span> (Geshur and Aram captured the towns of Jair, along with Kenath and its sixty surrounding towns.) All these were descendants of Makir, the father of Gilead. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">24</span> After Hezron’s death, Caleb slept with Ephrath, his father Hezron’s widow, and she bore to him Ashhur the father of Tekoa. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Jerahmeel’s Descendants</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">25</span> The sons of Jerahmeel, Hezron’s firstborn, were Ram, the firstborn, Bunah, Oren, Ozem, and Ahijah. <span class="verse">26</span> Jerahmeel had another wife named Atarah; she was Onam’s mother. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">27</span> The sons of Ram, Jerahmeel’s firstborn, were Maaz, Jamin, and Eker. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">28</span> The sons of Onam were Shammai and Jada.</p>
<p class="bodytext">The sons of Shammai: Nadab and Abishur. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">29</span> Abishur’s wife was Abihail, who bore him Ahban and Molid. <span class="verse">30</span> The sons of Nadab: Seled and Appaim. (Seled died without having sons.) </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">31</span> The son of Appaim: Ishi.</p>
<p class="bodytext">The son of Ishi: Sheshan.</p>
<p class="bodytext">The son of Sheshan: Ahlai.</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">32</span> The sons of Jada, Shammai’s brother: Jether and Jonathan. (Jether died without having sons.) </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">33</span> The sons of Jonathan: Peleth and Zaza.</p>
<p class="bodytext">These were the descendants of Jerahmeel. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">34</span> Sheshan had no sons, only daughters. Sheshan had an Egyptian servant named Jarha. <span class="verse">35</span> Sheshan gave his daughter to his servant Jarha as a wife; she bore him Attai. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">36</span> Attai was the father of Nathan, and Nathan was the father of Zabad. <span class="verse">37</span> Zabad was the father of Ephlal, and Ephlal was the father of Obed. <span class="verse">38</span> Obed was the father of Jehu, and Jehu was the father of Azariah. <span class="verse">39</span> Azariah was the father of Helez, and Helez was the father of Eleasah. <span class="verse">40</span> Eleasah was the father of Sismai, and Sismai was the father of Shallum. <span class="verse">41</span> Shallum was the father of Jekamiah, and Jekamiah was the father of Elishama. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">More of Caleb’s Descendants</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">42</span> The sons of Caleb, Jerahmeel’s brother: His firstborn Mesha, the father of Ziph, and his second son Mareshah, the father of Hebron. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">43</span> The sons of Hebron: Korah, Tappuah, Rekem, and Shema. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">44</span> Shema was the father of Raham, the father of Jorkeam. Rekem was the father of Shammai. <span class="verse">45</span> Shammai’s son was Maon, who was the father of Beth Zur. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">46</span> Caleb’s concubine Ephah bore Haran, Moza, and Gazez. Haran was the father of Gazez. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">47</span> The sons of Jahdai: Regem, Jotham, Geshan, Pelet, Ephah, and Shaaph. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">48</span> Caleb’s concubine Maacah bore Sheber and Tirhanah. <span class="verse">49</span> She also bore Shaaph the father of Madmannah and Sheva the father of Machbenah and Gibea. Caleb’s daughter was Achsah. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">50</span> These were the descendants of Caleb.</p>
<p class="bodytext">The sons of Hur, the firstborn of Ephrath: Shobal, the father of Kiriath Jearim, <span class="verse">51</span> Salma, the father of Bethlehem, and Hareph, the father of Beth Gader. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">52</span> The sons of Shobal, the father of Kiriath Jearim, were Haroeh, half the Manahathites, <span class="verse">53</span> the clans of Kiriath Jearim—the Ithrites, Puthites, Shumathites, and Mishraites. (The Zorathites and Eshtaolites descended from these groups.) </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">54</span> The sons of Salma: Bethlehem, the Netophathites, Atroth Beth Joab, half the Manahathites, the Zorites, <span class="verse">55</span> and the clans of the scribes who lived in Jabez: the Tirathites, Shimeathites, and Sucathites. These are the Kenites who descended from Hammath, the father of Beth Rechab. </p>
