<h1>1 Chronicles<br/>Chapter 8</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Benjamin’s Descendants (Continued)</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> Benjamin was the father of Bela, his firstborn; Ashbel was born second, Aharah third, <span class="verse">2</span> Nohah fourth, and Rapha fifth. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">3</span> Bela’s sons were Addar, Gera, Abihud, <span class="verse">4</span> Abishua, Naaman, Ahoah, <span class="verse">5</span> Gera, Shephuphan, and Huram. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">6</span> These were the descendants of Ehud who were leaders of the families living in Geba who were forced to move to Manahath: <span class="verse">7</span> Naaman, Ahijah, and Gera, who moved them. Gera was the father of Uzzah and Ahihud. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">8</span> Shaharaim fathered sons in Moab after he divorced his wives Hushim and Baara. <span class="verse">9</span> By his wife Hodesh he fathered Jobab, Zibia, Mesha, Malkam, <span class="verse">10</span> Jeuz, Sakia, and Mirmah. These were his sons; they were family leaders. <span class="verse">11</span> By Hushim he fathered Abitub and Elpaal. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">12</span> The sons of Elpaal: Eber, Misham, Shemed (who built Ono and Lod, as well as its surrounding towns), <span class="verse">13</span> Beriah, and Shema. They were leaders of the families living in Aijalon and chased out the inhabitants of Gath. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">14</span> Ahio, Shashak, Jeremoth, <span class="verse">15</span> Zebadiah, Arad, Eder, <span class="verse">16</span> Michael, Ishpah, and Joha were the sons of Beriah. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">17</span> Zebadiah, Meshullam, Hizki, Heber, <span class="verse">18</span> Ishmerai, Izliah, and Jobab were the sons of Elpaal. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">19</span> Jakim, Zikri, Zabdi, <span class="verse">20</span> Elienai, Zillethai, Eliel, <span class="verse">21</span> Adaiah, Beraiah, and Shimrath were the sons of Shimei. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">22</span> Ishpan, Eber, Eliel, <span class="verse">23</span> Abdon, Zikri, Hanan, <span class="verse">24</span> Hananiah, Elam, Anthothijah, <span class="verse">25</span> Iphdeiah, and Penuel were the sons of Shashak. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">26</span> Shamsherai, Shechariah, Athaliah, <span class="verse">27</span> Jaareshiah, Elijah, and Zikri were the sons of Jeroham. <span class="verse">28</span> These were the family leaders listed in the genealogical records; they lived in Jerusalem. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">29</span> The father of Gibeon lived in Gibeon; his wife’s name was Maacah. <span class="verse">30</span> His firstborn son was Abdon, followed by Zur, Kish, Baal, Nadab, <span class="verse">31</span> Gedor, Ahio, Zeker, and Mikloth. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">32</span> Mikloth was the father of Shimeah. They also lived near their relatives in Jerusalem. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">33</span> Ner was the father of Kish, and Kish was the father of Saul. Saul was the father of Jonathan, Malki-Shua, Abinadab, and Eshbaal. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">34</span> The son of Jonathan: Meribbaal. </p>
<p class="bodytext">Meribbaal was the father of Micah. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">35</span> The sons of Micah: Pithon, Melech, Tarea, and Ahaz. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">36</span> Ahaz was the father of Jehoaddah, and Jehoaddah was the father of Alemeth, Azmaveth, and Zimri. Zimri was the father of Moza, <span class="verse">37</span> and Moza was the father of Binea. His son was Raphah, whose son was Eleasah, whose son was Azel. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">38</span> Azel had six sons: Azrikam his firstborn, followed by Ishmael, Sheariah, Obadiah, and Hanan. All these were the sons of Azel. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">39</span> The sons of his brother Eshek:</p>
<p class="bodytext">Ulam was his firstborn, Jeush second, and Eliphelet third. <span class="verse">40</span> The sons of Ulam were warriors who were adept archers. They had many sons and grandsons, a total of 150.</p>
<p class="bodytext">All these were the descendants of Benjamin. </p>
