<h1>Acts<br/>Chapter 18:18-28</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Paul Returns to Antioch in Syria</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">18</span> Paul, after staying many more days in Corinth, said farewell to the brothers and sailed away to Syria accompanied by Priscilla and Aquila. He had his hair cut off at Cenchrea because he had made a vow. <span class="verse">19</span> When they reached Ephesus, Paul left Priscilla and Aquila behind there, but he himself went into the synagogue and addressed the Jews. <span class="verse">20</span> When they asked him to stay longer, he would not consent, <span class="verse">21</span> but said farewell to them and added, “I will come back to you again if God wills.” Then he set sail from Ephesus, <span class="verse">22</span> and when he arrived at Caesarea, he went up and greeted the church at Jerusalem and then went down to Antioch. <span class="verse">23</span> After he spent some time there, Paul left and went through the region of Galatia and Phrygia, strengthening all the disciples. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Apollos Begins His Ministry</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">24</span> Now a Jew named Apollos, a native of Alexandria, arrived in Ephesus. He was an eloquent speaker, well-versed in the scriptures. <span class="verse">25</span> He had been instructed in the way of the Lord, and with great enthusiasm he spoke and taught accurately the facts about Jesus, although he knew only the baptism of John. <span class="verse">26</span> He began to speak out fearlessly in the synagogue, but when Priscilla and Aquila heard him, they took him aside and explained the way of God to him more accurately. <span class="verse">27</span> When Apollos wanted to cross over to Achaia, the brothers encouraged him and wrote to the disciples to welcome him. When he arrived, he assisted greatly those who had believed by grace, <span class="verse">28</span> for he refuted the Jews vigorously in public debate, demonstrating from the scriptures that the Christ was Jesus. </p>
