<h1>Ecclesiastes<br/>Chapter 4</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Evil Oppression on Earth</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">1</span> So I again considered all the oppression that continually occurs on earth. </p>
<p class="poetry">This is what I saw: </p>
<p class="poetry">The oppressed were in tears, but no one was comforting them;</p>
<p class="poetry">no one delivers them from the power of their oppressors. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> So I considered those who are dead and gone </p>
<p class="poetry">more fortunate than those who are still alive. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> But better than both is the one who has not been born </p>
<p class="poetry">and has not seen the evil things that are done on earth. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Labor Motivated by Envy</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> Then I considered all the skillful work that is done:</p>
<p class="poetry">Surely it is nothing more than competition between one person and another. </p>
<p class="poetry">This also is profitless—like chasing the wind. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> The fool folds his hands and does no work, </p>
<p class="poetry">so he has nothing to eat but his own flesh. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> Better is one handful with some rest</p>
<p class="poetry">than two hands full of toil and chasing the wind. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Labor Motivated by Greed</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> So I again considered another futile thing on earth: </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> A man who is all alone with no companion, </p>
<p class="poetry">he has no children nor siblings; </p>
<p class="poetry">yet there is no end to all his toil,</p>
<p class="poetry">and he is never satisfied with riches.</p>
<p class="poetry">He laments, “For whom am I toiling and depriving myself of pleasure?” </p>
<p class="poetry">This also is futile and a burdensome task! </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Labor is Beneficial When Its Rewards Are Shared</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">9</span> Two people are better than one,</p>
<p class="poetry">because they can reap more benefit from their labor. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> For if they fall, one will help his companion up,</p>
<p class="poetry">but pity the person who falls down and has no one to help him up. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> Furthermore, if two lie down together, they can keep each other warm,</p>
<p class="poetry">but how can one person keep warm by himself?</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">12</span> Although an assailant may overpower one person,</p>
<p class="poetry">two can withstand him.</p>
<p class="poetry">Moreover, a three-stranded cord is not quickly broken. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Labor Motivated by Prestige Seeking</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">13</span> A poor but wise youth is better than an old and foolish king</p>
<p class="poetry">who no longer knows how to receive advice.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">14</span> For he came out of prison to become king,</p>
<p class="poetry">even though he had been born poor in what would become his kingdom. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">15</span> I considered all the living who walk on earth, </p>
<p class="poetry">as well as the successor who would arise in his place. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">16</span> There is no end to all the people nor to the past generations, </p>
<p class="poetry">yet future generations will not rejoice in him.</p>
<p class="poetry">This also is profitless and like chasing the wind. </p>
