<h1>Genesis<br/>Chapter 25</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The Death of Abraham</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> Abraham had taken another wife, named Keturah. <span class="verse">2</span> She bore him Zimran, Jokshan, Medan, Midian, Ishbak, and Shuah. <span class="verse">3</span> Jokshan became the father of Sheba and Dedan. The descendants of Dedan were the Asshurites, Letushites, and Leummites. <span class="verse">4</span> The sons of Midian were Ephah, Epher, Hanoch, Abida, and Eldaah. All these were descendants of Keturah. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">5</span> Everything he owned Abraham left to his son Isaac. <span class="verse">6</span> But while he was still alive, Abraham gave gifts to the sons of his concubines and sent them off to the east, away from his son Isaac. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">7</span> Abraham lived a total of 175 years. <span class="verse">8</span> Then Abraham breathed his last and died at a good old age, an old man who had lived a full life. He joined his ancestors. <span class="verse">9</span> His sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of Machpelah near Mamre, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar, the Hittite. <span class="verse">10</span> This was the field Abraham had purchased from the sons of Heth. There Abraham was buried with his wife Sarah. <span class="verse">11</span> After Abraham’s death, God blessed his son Isaac. Isaac lived near Beer Lahai Roi. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The Sons of Ishmael</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">12</span> This is the account of Abraham’s son Ishmael, whom Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah’s servant, bore to Abraham. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">13</span> These are the names of Ishmael’s sons, by their names according to their records: Nebaioth (Ishmael’s firstborn), Kedar, Adbeel, Mibsam, <span class="verse">14</span> Mishma, Dumah, Massa, <span class="verse">15</span> Hadad, Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah. <span class="verse">16</span> These are the sons of Ishmael, and these are their names by their settlements and their camps—twelve princes according to their clans. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">17</span> Ishmael lived a total of 137 years. He breathed his last and died; then he joined his ancestors. <span class="verse">18</span> His descendants settled from Havilah to Shur, which runs next to Egypt all the way to Asshur. They settled away from all their relatives. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Jacob and Esau</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">19</span> This is the account of Isaac, the son of Abraham.</p>
<p class="bodytext">Abraham became the father of Isaac. <span class="verse">20</span> When Isaac was forty years old, he married Rebekah, the daughter of Bethuel the Aramean from Paddan Aram and sister of Laban the Aramean. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">21</span> Isaac prayed to the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> on behalf of his wife because she was childless. The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> answered his prayer, and his wife Rebekah became pregnant. <span class="verse">22</span> But the children struggled inside her, and she said, “Why is this happening to me?” So she asked the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, <span class="verse">23</span> and the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> said to her,</p>
<p class="poetry">“Two nations are in your womb, </p>
<p class="poetry">and two peoples will be separated from within you.</p>
<p class="poetry">One people will be stronger than the other,</p>
<p class="poetry">and the older will serve the younger.” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">24</span> When the time came for Rebekah to give birth, there were twins in her womb. <span class="verse">25</span> The first came out reddish all over, like a hairy garment, so they named him Esau. <span class="verse">26</span> When his brother came out with his hand clutching Esau’s heel, they named him Jacob. Isaac was sixty years old when they were born. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">27</span> When the boys grew up, Esau became a skilled hunter, a man of the open fields, but Jacob was an even-tempered man, living in tents. <span class="verse">28</span> Isaac loved Esau because he had a taste for fresh game, but Rebekah loved Jacob. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">29</span> Now Jacob cooked some stew, and when Esau came in from the open fields, he was famished. <span class="verse">30</span> So Esau said to Jacob, “Feed me some of the red stuff—yes, this red stuff—because I’m starving!” (That is why he was also called Edom.) </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">31</span> But Jacob replied, “First sell me your birthright.” <span class="verse">32</span> “Look,” said Esau, “I’m about to die! What use is the birthright to me?” <span class="verse">33</span> But Jacob said, “Swear an oath to me now.” So Esau swore an oath to him and sold his birthright to Jacob. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">34</span> Then Jacob gave Esau some bread and lentil stew; Esau ate and drank, then got up and went out. So Esau despised his birthright. </p>
