<h1>Genesis<br/>Chapter 9</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">God’s Covenant with Humankind through Noah</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> Then God blessed Noah and his sons and said to them, “Be fruitful and multiply and fill the earth. <span class="verse">2</span> Every living creature of the earth and every bird of the sky will be terrified of you. Everything that creeps on the ground and all the fish of the sea are under your authority. <span class="verse">3</span> You may eat any moving thing that lives. As I gave you the green plants, I now give you everything. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">4</span> “But you must not eat meat with its life (that is, its blood) in it. <span class="verse">5</span> For your lifeblood I will surely exact punishment, from every living creature I will exact punishment. From each person I will exact punishment for the life of the individual since the man was his relative. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> “Whoever sheds human blood, </p>
<p class="poetry">by other humans </p>
<p class="poetry">must his blood be shed; </p>
<p class="poetry">for in God’s image </p>
<p class="poetry">God has made humankind. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">7</span> “But as for you, be fruitful and multiply; increase abundantly on the earth and multiply on it.”</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">8</span> God said to Noah and his sons, <span class="verse">9</span> “Look. I now confirm my covenant with you and your descendants after you <span class="verse">10</span> and with every living creature that is with you, including the birds, the domestic animals, and every living creature of the earth with you, all those that came out of the ark with you—every living creature of the earth. <span class="verse">11</span> I confirm my covenant with you: Never again will all living things be wiped out by the waters of a flood; never again will a flood destroy the earth.” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">12</span> And God said, “This is the guarantee of the covenant I am making with you  and every living creature with you, a covenant for all subsequent generations: <span class="verse">13</span> I will place my rainbow in the clouds, and it will become a guarantee of the covenant between me and the earth. <span class="verse">14</span> Whenever I bring clouds over the earth and the rainbow appears in the clouds, <span class="verse">15</span> then I will remember my covenant with you and with all living creatures of all kinds. Never again will the waters become a flood and destroy all living things. <span class="verse">16</span> When the rainbow is in the clouds, I will notice it and remember the perpetual covenant between God and all living creatures of all kinds that are on the earth.” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">17</span> So God said to Noah, “This is the guarantee of the covenant that I am confirming between me and all living things that are on the earth.” </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The Curse on Canaan</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">18</span> The sons of Noah who came out of the ark were Shem, Ham, and Japheth. (Now Ham was the father of Canaan.) <span class="verse">19</span> These were the three sons of Noah, and from them the whole earth was populated. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">20</span> Noah, a man of the soil, began to plant a vineyard. <span class="verse">21</span> When he drank some of the wine, he got drunk and uncovered himself inside his tent. <span class="verse">22</span> Ham, the father of Canaan, saw his father’s nakedness and told his two brothers who were outside. <span class="verse">23</span> Shem and Japheth took the garment and placed it on their shoulders. Then they walked in backwards and covered up their father’s nakedness. Their faces were turned the other way so they did not see their father’s nakedness. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">24</span> When Noah awoke from his drunken stupor he learned what his youngest son had done to him. <span class="verse">25</span> So he said,</p>
<p class="poetry">“Cursed be Canaan! </p>
<p class="poetry">The lowest of slaves </p>
<p class="poetry">he will be to his brothers.” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">26</span> He also said,</p>
<p class="poetry">“Worthy of praise is the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, the God of Shem! </p>
<p class="poetry">May Canaan be the slave of Shem! </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">27</span> May God enlarge Japheth’s territory and numbers! </p>
<p class="poetry">May he live in the tents of Shem </p>
<p class="poetry">and may Canaan be the slave of Japheth!” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">28</span> After the flood Noah lived 350 years. <span class="verse">29</span> The entire lifetime of Noah was 950 years, and then he died. </p>
