<h1>Isaiah<br/>Chapter 32</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Justice and Wisdom Will Prevail</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">1</span> Look, a king will promote fairness; </p>
<p class="poetry">officials will promote justice. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> Each of them will be like a shelter from the wind</p>
<p class="poetry">and a refuge from a rainstorm;</p>
<p class="poetry">like streams of water in a dry region</p>
<p class="poetry">and like the shade of a large cliff in a parched land. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> Eyes will no longer be blind </p>
<p class="poetry">and ears will be attentive. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> The mind that acts rashly will possess discernment, </p>
<p class="poetry">and the tongue that stutters will speak with ease and clarity. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> A fool will no longer be called honorable;</p>
<p class="poetry">a deceiver will no longer be called principled. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> For a fool speaks disgraceful things; </p>
<p class="poetry">his mind plans out sinful deeds. </p>
<p class="poetry">He commits godless deeds </p>
<p class="poetry">and says misleading things about the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>;</p>
<p class="poetry">he gives the hungry nothing to satisfy their appetite </p>
<p class="poetry">and gives the thirsty nothing to drink. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> A deceiver’s methods are evil; </p>
<p class="poetry">he dreams up evil plans </p>
<p class="poetry">to ruin the poor with lies,</p>
<p class="poetry">even when the needy are in the right. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> An honorable man makes honorable plans;</p>
<p class="poetry">his honorable character gives him security. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The Lord Will Give True Security</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">9</span> You complacent women,</p>
<p class="poetry">get up and listen to me!</p>
<p class="poetry">You carefree daughters,</p>
<p class="poetry">pay attention to what I say! </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> In a year’s time </p>
<p class="poetry">you carefree ones will shake with fear,</p>
<p class="poetry">for the grape harvest will fail,</p>
<p class="poetry">and the fruit harvest will not arrive. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> Tremble, you complacent ones!</p>
<p class="poetry">Shake with fear, you carefree ones!</p>
<p class="poetry">Strip off your clothes and expose yourselves—</p>
<p class="poetry">put sackcloth around your waists. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">12</span> Mourn over the field, </p>
<p class="poetry">over the delightful fields</p>
<p class="poetry">and the fruitful vine. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">13</span> Mourn over the land of my people,</p>
<p class="poetry">which is overgrown with thorns and briers,</p>
<p class="poetry">and over all the once-happy houses </p>
<p class="poetry">in the city filled with revelry. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">14</span> For the fortress is neglected;</p>
<p class="poetry">the once-crowded city is abandoned.</p>
<p class="poetry">Hill and watchtower</p>
<p class="poetry">are permanently uninhabited. </p>
<p class="poetry">Wild donkeys love to go there,</p>
<p class="poetry">and flocks graze there. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">15</span> This desolation will continue until new life is poured out on us from heaven. </p>
<p class="poetry">Then the wilderness will become an orchard </p>
<p class="poetry">and the orchard will be considered a forest. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">16</span> Justice will settle down in the wilderness</p>
<p class="poetry">and fairness will live in the orchard. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">17</span> Fairness will produce peace </p>
<p class="poetry">and result in lasting security. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">18</span> My people will live in peaceful settlements,</p>
<p class="poetry">in secure homes,</p>
<p class="poetry">and in safe, quiet places. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">19</span> Even if the forest is destroyed </p>
<p class="poetry">and the city is annihilated, </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">20</span> you will be blessed,</p>
<p class="poetry">you who plant seed by all the banks of the streams, </p>
<p class="poetry">you who let your ox and donkey graze. </p>
