<h1>James<br/>Chapter 4</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Passions and Pride</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> Where do the conflicts and where do the quarrels among you come from? Is it not from this, from your passions that battle inside you? <span class="verse">2</span> You desire and you do not have; you murder and envy and you cannot obtain; you quarrel and fight. You do not have because you do not ask; <span class="verse">3</span> you ask and do not receive because you ask wrongly, so you can spend it on your passions. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">4</span> Adulterers, do you not know that friendship with the world means hostility toward God? So whoever decides to be the world’s friend makes himself God’s enemy. <span class="verse">5</span> Or do you think the scripture means nothing when it says, “The spirit that God caused to live within us has an envious yearning”? <span class="verse">6</span> But he gives greater grace. Therefore it says, “<i><b>God opposes the proud, but he gives grace to the humble</b></i>.” <span class="verse">7</span> So submit to God. But resist the devil and he will flee from you. <span class="verse">8</span> Draw near to God and he will draw near to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and make your hearts pure, you double-minded. <span class="verse">9</span> Grieve, mourn, and weep. Turn your laughter into mourning and your joy into despair. <span class="verse">10</span> Humble yourselves before the Lord and he will exalt you. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">11</span> Do not speak against one another, brothers and sisters. He who speaks against a fellow believer or judges a fellow believer speaks against the law and judges the law. But if you judge the law, you are not a doer of the law but its judge. <span class="verse">12</span> But there is only one who is lawgiver and judge—the one who is able to save and destroy. On the other hand, who are you to judge your neighbor? </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">13</span> Come now, you who say, “Today or tomorrow we will go into this or that town and spend a year there and do business and make a profit.” <span class="verse">14</span> You do not know about tomorrow. What is your life like? For you are a puff of smoke that appears for a short time and then vanishes. <span class="verse">15</span> You ought to say instead, “If the Lord is willing, then we will live and do this or that.” <span class="verse">16</span> But as it is, you boast about your arrogant plans. All such boasting is evil. <span class="verse">17</span> So whoever knows what is good to do and does not do it is guilty of sin. </p>
