<h1>Jeremiah<br/>Chapter 47</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Judgment on the Philistine Cities</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> This was the <span class="smcaps">Lord’</span>s message to the prophet Jeremiah about the Philistines before Pharaoh attacked Gaza: </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> “Look! Enemies are gathering in the north like water rising in a river. </p>
<p class="poetry">They will be like an overflowing stream.</p>
<p class="poetry">They will overwhelm the whole country and everything in it like a flood.</p>
<p class="poetry">They will overwhelm the cities and their inhabitants.</p>
<p class="poetry">People will cry out in alarm.</p>
<p class="poetry">Everyone living in the country will cry out in pain. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> Fathers will hear the hoofbeats of the enemies’ horses,</p>
<p class="poetry">the clatter of their chariots and the rumbling of their wheels.</p>
<p class="poetry">They will not turn back to save their children</p>
<p class="poetry">because they will be paralyzed with fear. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> For the time has come </p>
<p class="poetry">to destroy all the Philistines.</p>
<p class="poetry">The time has come to destroy all the help</p>
<p class="poetry">that remains for Tyre and Sidon. </p>
<p class="poetry">For I, the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, will destroy the Philistines,</p>
<p class="poetry">that remnant that came from the island of Crete. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> The people of Gaza will shave their heads in mourning.</p>
<p class="poetry">The people of Ashkelon will be struck dumb.</p>
<p class="poetry">How long will you gash yourselves to show your sorrow, </p>
<p class="poetry">you who remain of Philistia’s power? </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> How long will you cry out, ‘Oh, sword of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>,</p>
<p class="poetry">how long will it be before you stop killing? </p>
<p class="poetry">Go back into your sheath;</p>
<p class="poetry">stay there and rest!’ </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> But how can it rest </p>
<p class="poetry">when I, the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, have given it orders?</p>
<p class="poetry">I have ordered it to attack</p>
<p class="poetry">the people of Ashkelon and the seacoast.” </p>
