<h1>Job<br/>Chapter 35</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Elihu’s Third Speech </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> Then Elihu answered: </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> “Do you think this to be just</p>
<p class="poetry">when you say, ‘My right before God’? </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> But you say, ‘What will it profit you,’ </p>
<p class="poetry">and, ‘What do I gain by not sinning?’ </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> I will reply to you, </p>
<p class="poetry">and to your friends with you.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> Gaze at the heavens and see;</p>
<p class="poetry">consider the clouds, which are higher than you. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> If you sin, how does it affect God? </p>
<p class="poetry">If your transgressions are many,</p>
<p class="poetry">what does it do to him? </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> If you are righteous, what do you give to God,</p>
<p class="poetry">or what does he receive from your hand? </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> Your wickedness affects only a person like yourself,</p>
<p class="poetry">and your righteousness only other people. </p>
<p class="poetrybreak"><span class="verse">9</span> “People cry out </p>
<p class="poetry">because of the excess of oppression; </p>
<p class="poetry">they cry out for help</p>
<p class="poetry">because of the power of the mighty. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> But no one says, ‘Where is God, my Creator,</p>
<p class="poetry">who gives songs in the night, </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> who teaches us more than the wild animals of the earth,</p>
<p class="poetry">and makes us wiser than the birds of the sky?’ </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">12</span> Then they cry out—but he does not answer—</p>
<p class="poetry">because of the arrogance of the wicked. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">13</span> Surely it is an empty cry —God does not hear it;</p>
<p class="poetry">the Almighty does not take notice of it.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">14</span> How much less, then,</p>
<p class="poetry">when you say that you do not perceive him,</p>
<p class="poetry">that the case is before him </p>
<p class="poetry">and you are waiting for him! </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">15</span> And further, when you say</p>
<p class="poetry">that his anger does not punish, </p>
<p class="poetry">and that he does not know transgression! </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">16</span> So Job opens his mouth to no purpose; </p>
<p class="poetry">without knowledge he multiplies words.” </p>
