<h1>Job<br/>Chapter 23</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Job’s Reply to Eliphaz </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> Then Job answered: </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> “Even today my complaint is still bitter; </p>
<p class="poetry">his hand is heavy despite my groaning. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> O that I knew where I might find him, </p>
<p class="poetry">that I could come to his place of residence! </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> I would lay out my case before him</p>
<p class="poetry">and fill my mouth with arguments. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> I would know with what words he would answer me,</p>
<p class="poetry">and understand what he would say to me.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> Would he contend with me with great power?</p>
<p class="poetry">No, he would only pay attention to me. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> There an upright person </p>
<p class="poetry">could present his case before him,</p>
<p class="poetry">and I would be delivered forever from my judge. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The Inaccessibility and Power of God</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> “If I go to the east, he is not there,</p>
<p class="poetry">and to the west, yet I do not perceive him.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">9</span> In the north when he is at work, </p>
<p class="poetry">I do not see him; </p>
<p class="poetry">when he turns to the south, </p>
<p class="poetry">I see no trace of him.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> But he knows the pathway that I take; </p>
<p class="poetry">if he tested me, I would come forth like gold. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> My feet have followed his steps closely;</p>
<p class="poetry">I have kept to his way and have not turned aside. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">12</span> I have not departed from the commands of his lips;</p>
<p class="poetry">I have treasured the words of his mouth more than my allotted portion. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">13</span> But he is unchangeable, and who can change him?</p>
<p class="poetry">Whatever he has desired, he does. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">14</span> For he fulfills his decree against me, </p>
<p class="poetry">and many such things are his plans. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">15</span> That is why I am terrified in his presence;</p>
<p class="poetry">when I consider, I am afraid because of him.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">16</span> Indeed, God has made my heart faint; </p>
<p class="poetry">the Almighty has terrified me.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">17</span> Yet I have not been silent because of the darkness,</p>
<p class="poetry">because of the thick darkness </p>
<p class="poetry">that covered my face. </p>
