<h1>John<br/>Chapter 10:22-42</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Jesus at the Feast of Dedication</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">22</span> Then came the feast of the Dedication in Jerusalem. <span class="verse">23</span> It was winter, and Jesus was walking in the temple area in Solomon’s Portico. <span class="verse">24</span> The Jewish leaders surrounded him and asked, “How long will you keep us in suspense? If you are the Christ, tell us plainly.” <span class="verse">25</span> Jesus replied, “I told you and you do not believe. The deeds I do in my Father’s name testify about me. <span class="verse">26</span> But you refuse to believe because you are not my sheep. <span class="verse">27</span> My sheep listen to my voice, and I know them, and they follow me. <span class="verse">28</span> I give them eternal life, and they will never perish; no one will snatch them from my hand. <span class="verse">29</span> My Father, who has given them to me, is greater than all, and no one can snatch them from my Father’s hand. <span class="verse">30</span> The Father and I are one.” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">31</span> The Jewish leaders picked up rocks again to stone him to death. <span class="verse">32</span> Jesus said to them, “I have shown you many good deeds from the Father. For which one of them are you going to stone me?” <span class="verse">33</span> The Jewish leaders replied, “We are not going to stone you for a good deed but for blasphemy, because you, a man, are claiming to be God.” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">34</span> Jesus answered, “Is it not written in your law, ‘<b><i>I said, you are gods</i></b>’? <span class="verse">35</span> If those people to whom the word of God came were called ‘gods’ (and the scripture cannot be broken), <span class="verse">36</span> do you say about the one whom the Father set apart and sent into the world, ‘You are blaspheming,’ because I said, ‘I am the Son of God’? <span class="verse">37</span> If I do not perform the deeds of my Father, do not believe me. <span class="verse">38</span> But if I do them, even if you do not believe me, believe the deeds, so that you may come to know and understand that I am in the Father and the Father is in me.” <span class="verse">39</span> Then they attempted again to seize him, but he escaped their clutches. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">40</span> Jesus went back across the Jordan River again to the place where John had been baptizing at an earlier time, and he stayed there. <span class="verse">41</span> Many came to him and began to say, “John performed no miraculous sign, but everything John said about this man was true!” <span class="verse">42</span> And many believed in Jesus there. </p>
