<h1>John<br/>Chapter 1:1-18</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The Prologue to the Gospel</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was fully God. <span class="verse">2</span> The Word was with God in the beginning. <span class="verse">3</span> All things were created by him, and apart from him not one thing was created that has been created. <span class="verse">4</span> <i>In him was life</i>, and the life was the light of mankind. <span class="verse">5</span> And the light shines on in the darkness, but the darkness has not mastered it. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">6</span> A man came, sent from God, whose name was John. <span class="verse">7</span> He came as a witness to testify about the light, so that everyone might believe through him. <span class="verse">8</span> He himself was not the light, but he came to testify about the light. <span class="verse">9</span> The true light, who gives light to everyone, was coming into the world. <span class="verse">10</span> He was in the world, and the world was created by him, but the world did not recognize him. <span class="verse">11</span> He came to what was his own, but his own people did not receive him. <span class="verse">12</span> But to all who have received him—those who believe in his name —he has given the right to become God’s children <span class="verse">13</span> —children not born by human parents or by human desire or a husband’s decision, but by God. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">14</span> Now the Word became flesh and took up residence among us. We saw his glory—the glory of the one and only, full of grace and truth, who came from the Father. <span class="verse">15</span> John testified about him and shouted out, “This one was the one about whom I said, ‘He who comes after me is greater than I am, because he existed before me.’” <span class="verse">16</span> For we have all received from his fullness one gracious gift after another. <span class="verse">17</span> For the law was given through Moses, but grace and truth came about through Jesus Christ. <span class="verse">18</span> No one has ever seen God. The only one, himself God, who is in closest fellowship with the Father, has made God known. </p>
