<h1>Lamentations<br/>Chapter 5</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The People of Jerusalem Pray</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">1</span>  O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, reflect on what has happened to us;</p>
<p class="poetry">consider and look at our disgrace. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> Our inheritance is turned over to strangers;</p>
<p class="poetry">foreigners now occupy our homes. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> We have become fatherless orphans;</p>
<p class="poetry">our mothers have become widows. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> We must pay money for our own water; </p>
<p class="poetry">we must buy our own wood at a steep price. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> We are pursued—they are breathing down our necks; </p>
<p class="poetry">we are weary and have no rest. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> We have submitted to Egypt and Assyria</p>
<p class="poetry">in order to buy food to eat. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> Our forefathers sinned and are dead, </p>
<p class="poetry">but we suffer their punishment. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> Slaves rule over us;</p>
<p class="poetry">there is no one to rescue us from their power. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">9</span> At the risk of our lives we get our food </p>
<p class="poetry">because robbers lurk in the wilderness.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> Our skin is as hot as an oven</p>
<p class="poetry">due to a fever from hunger. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> They raped women in Zion,</p>
<p class="poetry">virgins in the towns of Judah. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">12</span> Princes were hung by their hands; </p>
<p class="poetry">elders were mistreated. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">13</span> The young men perform menial labor; </p>
<p class="poetry">boys stagger from their labor. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">14</span> The elders are gone from the city gate;</p>
<p class="poetry">the young men have stopped playing their music. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">15</span> Our hearts no longer have any joy; </p>
<p class="poetry">our dancing is turned to mourning. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">16</span> The crown has fallen from our head;</p>
<p class="poetry">woe to us, for we have sinned! </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">17</span> Because of this, our hearts are sick; </p>
<p class="poetry">because of these things, we can hardly see through our tears. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">18</span> For wild animals are prowling over Mount Zion,</p>
<p class="poetry">which lies desolate. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">19</span> But you, O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, reign forever;</p>
<p class="poetry">your throne endures from generation to generation. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">20</span> Why do you keep on forgetting us?</p>
<p class="poetry">Why do you forsake us so long? </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">21</span> Bring us back to yourself, O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, so that we may return to you;</p>
<p class="poetry">renew our life as in days before, </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">22</span> unless you have utterly rejected us </p>
<p class="poetry">and are angry with us beyond measure. </p>
