<h1>Luke<br/>Chapter 17:1-10</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Sin, Forgiveness, Faith, and Service</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> Jesus said to his disciples, “Stumbling blocks are sure to come, but woe to the one through whom they come! <span class="verse">2</span> It would be better for him to have a millstone tied around his neck and be thrown into the sea than for him to cause one of these little ones to sin. <span class="verse">3</span> Watch yourselves! If your brother sins, rebuke him. If he repents, forgive him. <span class="verse">4</span> Even if he sins against you seven times in a day, and seven times returns to you saying, ‘I repent,’ you must forgive him.” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">5</span> The apostles said to the Lord, “Increase our faith!” <span class="verse">6</span> So the Lord replied, “If you had faith the size of a mustard seed, you could say to this black mulberry tree, ‘Be pulled out by the roots and planted in the sea,’ and it would obey you. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">7</span> “Would any one of you say to your slave who comes in from the field after plowing or shepherding sheep, ‘Come at once and sit down for a meal’? <span class="verse">8</span> Won’t the master instead say to him, ‘Get my dinner ready, and make yourself ready to serve me while I eat and drink. Then you may eat and drink’? <span class="verse">9</span> He won’t thank the slave because he did what he was told, will he? <span class="verse">10</span> So you too, when you have done everything you were commanded to do, should say, ‘We are slaves undeserving of special praise; we have only done what was our duty.’” </p>
