<h1>Luke<br/>Chapter 9:1-17</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The Sending of the Twelve Apostles </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> After Jesus called the twelve together, he gave them power and authority over all demons and to cure diseases, <span class="verse">2</span> and he sent them out to proclaim the kingdom of God and to heal the sick. <span class="verse">3</span> He said to them, “Take nothing for your journey—no staff, no bag, no bread, no money, and do not take an extra tunic. <span class="verse">4</span> Whatever house you enter, stay there until you leave the area. <span class="verse">5</span> Wherever they do not receive you, as you leave that town, shake the dust off your feet as a testimony against them.” <span class="verse">6</span> Then they departed and went throughout the villages, proclaiming the good news and healing people everywhere. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Herod’s Confusion about Jesus</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">7</span> Now Herod the tetrarch heard about everything that was happening, and he was thoroughly perplexed, because some people were saying that John had been raised from the dead, <span class="verse">8</span> while others were saying that Elijah had appeared, and still others that one of the prophets of long ago had risen. <span class="verse">9</span> Herod said, “I had John beheaded, but who is this about whom I hear such things?” So Herod wanted to learn about Jesus. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The Feeding of the Five Thousand </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">10</span> When the apostles returned, they told Jesus everything they had done. Then he took them with him and they withdrew privately to a town called Bethsaida. <span class="verse">11</span> But when the crowds found out, they followed him. He welcomed them, spoke to them about the kingdom of God, and cured those who needed healing. <span class="verse">12</span> Now the day began to draw to a close, so the twelve came and said to Jesus, “Send the crowd away, so they can go into the surrounding villages and countryside and find lodging and food, because we are in an isolated place.” <span class="verse">13</span> But he said to them, “You give them something to eat.” They replied, “We have no more than five loaves and two fish—unless we go and buy food for all these people.” <span class="verse">14</span> (Now about 5,000 men were there.) Then he said to his disciples, “Have them sit down in groups of about fifty each.” <span class="verse">15</span> So they did as Jesus directed, and the people all sat down. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">16</span> Then he took the five loaves and the two fish, and looking up to heaven he gave thanks and broke them. He gave them to the disciples to set before the crowd. <span class="verse">17</span> They all ate and were satisfied, and what was left over was picked up—twelve baskets of broken pieces. </p>
