<h1>Luke<br/>Chapter 2:41-52</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Jesus in the Temple</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">41</span> Now Jesus’ parents went to Jerusalem every year for the Feast of the Passover. <span class="verse">42</span> When he was twelve years old, they went up according to custom. <span class="verse">43</span> But when the feast was over, as they were returning home, the boy Jesus stayed behind in Jerusalem. His parents did not know it, <span class="verse">44</span> but (because they assumed that he was in their group of travelers) they went a day’s journey. Then they began to look for him among their relatives and acquaintances. <span class="verse">45</span> When they did not find him, they returned to Jerusalem to look for him. <span class="verse">46</span> After three days they found him in the temple courts, sitting among the teachers, listening to them and asking them questions. <span class="verse">47</span> And all who heard Jesus were astonished at his understanding and his answers. <span class="verse">48</span> When his parents saw him, they were overwhelmed. His mother said to him, “Child, why have you treated us like this? Look, your father and I have been looking for you anxiously.” <span class="verse">49</span> But he replied, “Why were you looking for me? Didn’t you know that I must be in my Father’s house?” <span class="verse">50</span> Yet his parents did not understand the remark he made to them. <span class="verse">51</span> Then he went down with them and came to Nazareth, and was obedient to them. But his mother kept all these things in her heart. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">52</span> And Jesus increased in wisdom and in stature, and in favor with God and with people. </p>
