<h1>Micah<br/>Chapter 6</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The Lord Demands Justice, not Ritual</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> Listen to what the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> says:</p>
<p class="poetry">“Get up! Defend yourself before the mountains. </p>
<p class="poetry">Present your case before the hills.” </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> Hear the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>’s accusation, you mountains,</p>
<p class="poetry">you enduring foundations of the earth.</p>
<p class="poetry">For the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> has a case against his people;</p>
<p class="poetry">he has a dispute with Israel! </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> “My people, how have I wronged you? </p>
<p class="poetry">How have I wearied you? Answer me!</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> In fact, I brought you up from the land of Egypt;</p>
<p class="poetry">I delivered you from that place of slavery.</p>
<p class="poetry">I sent Moses, Aaron, and Miriam to lead you. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> My people, recall how King Balak of Moab planned to harm you, </p>
<p class="poetry">how Balaam son of Beor responded to him.</p>
<p class="poetry">Recall how you journeyed from Shittim to Gilgal,</p>
<p class="poetry">so you might acknowledge that the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> has treated you fairly.” </p>
<p class="poetrybreak"><span class="verse">6</span> With what should I enter the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>’s presence?</p>
<p class="poetry">With what should I bow before the sovereign God? </p>
<p class="poetry">Should I enter his presence with burnt offerings,</p>
<p class="poetry">with year-old calves? </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> Will the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> accept a thousand rams</p>
<p class="poetry">or ten thousand streams of olive oil?</p>
<p class="poetry">Should I give him my firstborn child as payment for my rebellion,</p>
<p class="poetry">my offspring—my own flesh and blood—for my sin? </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> He has told you, O man, what is good,</p>
<p class="poetry">and what the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> really wants from you: </p>
<p class="poetry">He wants you to carry out justice, to love faithfulness, </p>
<p class="poetry">and to live obediently before your God. </p>
<p class="poetrybreak"><span class="verse">9</span> Listen! The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> is calling to the city!</p>
<p class="poetry">It is wise to respect your authority, O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>. </p>
<p class="poetry">Listen, O nation, and those assembled in the city! </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> “I will not overlook, O sinful house, the dishonest gain you have hoarded away </p>
<p class="poetry">or the smaller-than-standard measure I hate so much. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> I do not condone the use of rigged scales,</p>
<p class="poetry">or a bag of deceptive weights. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">12</span> The city’s wealthy people readily resort to violence; </p>
<p class="poetry">her inhabitants tell lies;</p>
<p class="poetry">their tongues speak deceptive words. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">13</span> I will strike you brutally </p>
<p class="poetry">and destroy you because of your sin. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">14</span> You will eat, but not be satisfied.</p>
<p class="poetry">Even if you have the strength to overtake some prey, </p>
<p class="poetry">you will not be able to carry it away; </p>
<p class="poetry">if you do happen to carry away something, </p>
<p class="poetry">I will deliver it over to the sword. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">15</span> You will plant crops, but will not harvest them;</p>
<p class="poetry">you will squeeze oil from the olives, but you will have no oil to rub on your bodies; </p>
<p class="poetry">you will squeeze juice from the grapes, but you will have no wine to drink. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">16</span> You follow Omri’s edicts </p>
<p class="poetry">and all the practices of Ahab’s dynasty; </p>
<p class="poetry">you follow their policies. </p>
<p class="poetry">Therefore I will make you an appalling sight; </p>
<p class="poetry">the city’s inhabitants will be taunted derisively, </p>
<p class="poetry">and nations will mock all of you.” </p>
