<h1>Nahum<br/>Chapter 1</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Introduction</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> This is an oracle about Nineveh; the book of the vision of Nahum the Elkoshite: </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">God Takes Vengeance against His Enemies</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> is a zealous and avenging God;</p>
<p class="poetry">the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> is avenging and very angry. </p>
<p class="poetry">The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> takes vengeance against his foes;</p>
<p class="poetry">he sustains his rage against his enemies. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> is slow to anger but great in power; </p>
<p class="poetry">the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> will certainly not allow the wicked to go unpunished.</p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The Divine Warrior Destroys His Enemies but Protects His People</p>
<p class="poetry">He marches out in the whirlwind and the raging storm; </p>
<p class="poetry">dark storm clouds billow like dust under his feet. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> He shouts a battle cry against the sea and makes it dry up; </p>
<p class="poetry">he makes all the rivers  run dry.</p>
<p class="poetry">Bashan and Carmel wither; </p>
<p class="poetry">the blossom of Lebanon withers. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> The mountains tremble before him, </p>
<p class="poetry">the hills convulse; </p>
<p class="poetry">the earth is laid waste before him,</p>
<p class="poetry">the world and all its inhabitants are laid waste. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> No one can withstand his indignation! </p>
<p class="poetry">No one can resist his fierce anger! </p>
<p class="poetry">His wrath is poured out like volcanic fire,</p>
<p class="poetry">boulders are broken up as he approaches. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> is good —</p>
<p class="poetry">indeed, he is a fortress in time of distress, </p>
<p class="poetry">and he protects those who seek refuge in him.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> But with an overwhelming flood </p>
<p class="poetry">he will make a complete end of Nineveh; </p>
<p class="poetry">he will drive his enemies into darkness. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Denunciation and Destruction of Nineveh</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">9</span> Whatever you plot against the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, he will completely destroy! </p>
<p class="poetry">Distress will not arise a second time. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> Surely they will be totally consumed </p>
<p class="poetry">like entangled thorn bushes, </p>
<p class="poetry">like the drink of drunkards, </p>
<p class="poetry">like very dry stubble. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> From you, O Nineveh, one has marched forth who plots evil against the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>,</p>
<p class="poetry">a wicked military strategist. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Oracle of Deliverance to Judah</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">12</span> This is what the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> says: </p>
<p class="poetry">“Even though they are powerful —</p>
<p class="poetry">and what is more, even though their army is numerous —</p>
<p class="poetry">nevertheless, they will be destroyed and trickle away! </p>
<p class="poetry">Although I afflicted you,</p>
<p class="poetry">I will afflict you no more. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">13</span> And now, I will break Assyria’s yoke bar from your neck; </p>
<p class="poetry">I will tear apart the shackles that are on you.” </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Oracle of Judgment against the King of Nineveh</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">14</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> has issued a decree against you: </p>
<p class="poetry">“Your dynasty will come to an end. </p>
<p class="poetry">I will destroy the idols and images in the temples of your gods.</p>
<p class="poetry">I will desecrate your grave, because you are accursed!” </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Proclamation of the Deliverance of Judah</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">15</span> (2:1) Look! A herald is running on the mountains!</p>
<p class="poetry">A messenger is proclaiming deliverance: </p>
<p class="poetry">“Celebrate your sacred festivals, O Judah!</p>
<p class="poetry">Fulfill your sacred vows to praise God! </p>
<p class="poetry">For never again will the wicked Assyrians invade you;</p>
<p class="poetry">they have been completely destroyed.” </p>
