<h1>Numbers<br/>Chapter 29</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Blowing Trumpets</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> “‘On the first day of the seventh month, you are to hold a holy assembly. You must not do your ordinary work, for it is a day of blowing trumpets for you. <span class="verse">2</span> You must offer a burnt offering as a sweet aroma to the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>: one young bull, one ram, and seven lambs one year old without blemish. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">3</span> “‘Their grain offering is to be of finely ground flour mixed with olive oil, three-tenths of an ephah for the bull, two-tenths of an ephah for the ram, <span class="verse">4</span> and one-tenth for each of the seven lambs, <span class="verse">5</span> with one male goat for a purification offering to make an atonement for you; <span class="verse">6</span> this is in addition to the monthly burnt offering and its grain offering, and the daily burnt offering with its grain offering and their drink offerings as prescribed, as a sweet aroma, a sacrifice made by fire to the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The Day of Atonement</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">7</span> “‘On the tenth day of this seventh month you are to have a holy assembly. You must humble yourselves; you must not do any work on it. <span class="verse">8</span> But you must offer a burnt offering as a pleasing aroma to the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, one young bull, one ram, and seven lambs one year old, all of them without blemish. <span class="verse">9</span> Their grain offerings must be of finely ground flour mixed with olive oil, three-tenths of an ephah for the bull, two-tenths for the ram, <span class="verse">10</span> and one-tenth for each of the seven lambs, <span class="verse">11</span> along with one male goat for a purification offering, in addition to the purification offering for atonement and the continual burnt offering with its grain offering and their drink offerings. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The Feast of Temporary Shelters</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">12</span> “‘On the fifteenth day of the seventh month you are to have a holy assembly; you must do no ordinary work, and you must keep a festival to the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> for seven days. <span class="verse">13</span> You must offer a burnt offering, an offering made by fire as a pleasing aroma to the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>: thirteen young bulls, two rams, and fourteen lambs each one year old, all of them without blemish. <span class="verse">14</span> Their grain offerings must be of finely ground flour mixed with olive oil, three-tenths of an ephah for each of the thirteen bulls, two-tenths of an ephah for each of the two rams, <span class="verse">15</span> and one-tenth for each of the fourteen lambs, <span class="verse">16</span> along with one male goat for a purification offering, in addition to the continual burnt offering with its grain offering and its drink offering. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">17</span> “‘On the second day you must offer twelve young bulls, two rams, fourteen lambs one year old, all without blemish, <span class="verse">18</span> and their grain offerings and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number as prescribed, <span class="verse">19</span> along with one male goat for a purification offering, in addition to the continual burnt offering with its grain offering and their drink offerings. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">20</span> “‘On the third day you must offer eleven bulls, two rams, fourteen lambs one year old, all without blemish, <span class="verse">21</span> and their grain offerings and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number as prescribed, <span class="verse">22</span> along with one male goat for a purification offering, in addition to the continual burnt offering with its grain offering and its drink offering. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">23</span> “‘On the fourth day you must offer ten bulls, two rams, and fourteen lambs one year old, all without blemish, <span class="verse">24</span> and their grain offerings and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number as prescribed, <span class="verse">25</span> along with one male goat for a purification offering, in addition to the continual burnt offering with its grain offering and its drink offering. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">26</span> “‘On the fifth day you must offer nine bulls, two rams, and fourteen lambs one year old, all without blemish, <span class="verse">27</span> and their grain offerings and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number as prescribed, <span class="verse">28</span> along with one male goat for a purification offering, in addition to the continual burnt offering with its grain offering and its drink offering. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">29</span> “‘On the sixth day you must offer eight bulls, two rams, and fourteen lambs one year old, all without blemish, <span class="verse">30</span> and their grain offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number as prescribed, <span class="verse">31</span> along with one male goat for a purification offering, in addition to the continual burnt offering with its grain offering and its drink offering. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">32</span> “‘On the seventh day you must offer seven bulls, two rams, and fourteen lambs one year old, all without blemish, <span class="verse">33</span> and their grain offerings and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number as prescribed, <span class="verse">34</span> along with one male goat for a purification offering, in addition to the continual burnt offering with its grain offering and its drink offering. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">35</span> “‘On the eighth day you are to have a holy assembly; you must do no ordinary work on it. <span class="verse">36</span> But you must offer a burnt offering, an offering made by fire, as a pleasing aroma to the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, one bull, one ram, seven lambs one year old, all of them without blemish, <span class="verse">37</span> and with their grain offerings and their drink offerings for the bull, for the ram, and for the lambs, according to their number as prescribed, <span class="verse">38</span> along with one male goat for a purification offering, in addition to the continual burnt offering with its grain offering and its drink offering. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">39</span> “‘These things you must present to the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> at your appointed times, in addition to your vows and your freewill offerings, as your burnt offerings, your grain offerings, your drink offerings, and your peace offerings.’” <span class="verse">40</span> (30:1) So Moses told the Israelites everything, just as the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> had commanded him. </p>
