<h1>Proverbs<br/>Chapter 14</h1>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">1</span> Every wise woman has built her household, </p>
<p class="poetry">but a foolish woman tears it down with her own hands. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> The one who walks in his uprightness fears the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, </p>
<p class="poetry">but the one who is perverted in his ways despises him.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> In the speech of a fool is a rod for his back, </p>
<p class="poetry">but the words of the wise protect them.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> Where there are no oxen, the feeding trough is clean,</p>
<p class="poetry">but an abundant harvest is produced by strong oxen. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> A truthful witness does not lie,</p>
<p class="poetry">but a false witness breathes out lies. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> The scorner sought wisdom—there was none, </p>
<p class="poetry">but understanding was easy for a discerning person.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> Walk abreast with a foolish person, </p>
<p class="poetry">and you do not understand wise counsel. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> The wisdom of the shrewd person is to discern his way,</p>
<p class="poetry">but the folly of fools is deception. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">9</span> Fools mock at reparation, </p>
<p class="poetry">but among the upright there is favor. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> The heart knows its own bitterness, </p>
<p class="poetry">and with its joy no one else can share. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> The household of the wicked will be destroyed,</p>
<p class="poetry">but the tent of the upright will flourish. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">12</span> There is a way that seems right to a person, </p>
<p class="poetry">but its end is the way that leads to death. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">13</span> Even in laughter the heart may ache, </p>
<p class="poetry">and the end of joy may be grief. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">14</span> The backslider will be paid back from his own ways,</p>
<p class="poetry">but a good person will be rewarded for his.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">15</span> A naive person will believe anything,</p>
<p class="poetry">but the shrewd person discerns his steps. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">16</span> A wise person is cautious and turns from evil,</p>
<p class="poetry">but a fool throws off restraint and is overconfident. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">17</span> A person who has a quick temper will do foolish things,</p>
<p class="poetry">and a person with crafty schemes will be hated. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">18</span> The naive have inherited folly,</p>
<p class="poetry">but the shrewd will be crowned with knowledge. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">19</span> Bad people have bowed before good people,</p>
<p class="poetry">and wicked people have bowed at the gates of someone righteous. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">20</span> A poor person will be disliked even by his neighbors,</p>
<p class="poetry">but those who love the rich are many. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">21</span> The one who despises his neighbor sins,</p>
<p class="poetry">but whoever is kind to the needy is blessed. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">22</span> Do not those who devise evil go astray?</p>
<p class="poetry">But those who plan good exhibit faithful covenant love. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">23</span> In all hard work there is profit,</p>
<p class="poetry">but merely talking about it only brings poverty. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">24</span> The crown of the wise is their riches, </p>
<p class="poetry">but the folly of fools is folly. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">25</span> A truthful witness rescues lives, </p>
<p class="poetry">but one who testifies falsely betrays them. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">26</span> In the fear of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> one has strong confidence, </p>
<p class="poetry">and it will be a refuge for his children. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">27</span> The fear of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> is like a life-giving fountain, </p>
<p class="poetry">to turn people from deadly snares. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">28</span> A king’s glory is the abundance of people,</p>
<p class="poetry">but the lack of subjects is the ruin of a ruler. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">29</span> Someone with great understanding is slow to anger, </p>
<p class="poetry">but the one who has a quick temper exalts folly. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">30</span> A tranquil spirit revives the body, </p>
<p class="poetry">but envy is rottenness to the bones. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">31</span> The one who oppresses the poor has insulted his Creator,</p>
<p class="poetry">but whoever honors him shows favor to the needy. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">32</span> An evil person will be thrown down through his wickedness, </p>
<p class="poetry">but a righteous person takes refuge in his integrity. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">33</span> Wisdom rests in the heart of the discerning;</p>
<p class="poetry">it is not known in the inner parts of fools. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">34</span> Righteousness exalts a nation,</p>
<p class="poetry">but sin is a disgrace to any people. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">35</span> The king shows favor to a wise servant,</p>
<p class="poetry">but his wrath falls on one who acts shamefully. </p>
