
<h2>Psalm 34</h2>
<p class="psasuper">By David, when he pretended to be insane before Abimelech, causing the king to send him away. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">1</span> I will praise the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> at all times;</p>
<p class="poetry">my mouth will continually praise him. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> I will boast in the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>;</p>
<p class="poetry">let the oppressed hear and rejoice. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> Magnify the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> with me.</p>
<p class="poetry">Let us praise his name together. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> I sought the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>’s help and he answered me;</p>
<p class="poetry">he delivered me from all my fears. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> Look to him and be radiant;</p>
<p class="poetry">do not let your faces be ashamed. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> This oppressed man cried out and the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> heard;</p>
<p class="poetry">he saved him from all his troubles. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> The angel of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> camps around</p>
<p class="poetry">the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>’s loyal followers and delivers them. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> Taste and see that the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> is good.</p>
<p class="poetry">How blessed is the one who takes shelter in him. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">9</span> Fear the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, you chosen people of his, </p>
<p class="poetry">for those who fear him lack nothing.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> Even young lions sometimes lack food and are hungry,</p>
<p class="poetry">but those who seek the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> lack no good thing. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> Come children. Listen to me.</p>
<p class="poetry">I will teach you what it means to fear the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">12</span> Do you want to really live? </p>
<p class="poetry">Would you love to live a long, happy life? </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">13</span> Then make sure you don’t speak evil words </p>
<p class="poetry">or use deceptive speech. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">14</span> Turn away from evil and do what is right. </p>
<p class="poetry">Strive for peace and promote it. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">15</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> pays attention to the godly</p>
<p class="poetry">and hears their cry for help. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">16</span> But the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> opposes evildoers</p>
<p class="poetry">and wipes out all memory of them from the earth. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">17</span> The godly cry out and the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> hears;</p>
<p class="poetry">he saves them from all their troubles. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">18</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> is near the brokenhearted;</p>
<p class="poetry">he delivers those who are discouraged. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">19</span> The godly face many dangers, </p>
<p class="poetry">but the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> saves them from each one of them.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">20</span> He protects all his bones; </p>
<p class="poetry">not one of them is broken. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">21</span> Evil people self-destruct; </p>
<p class="poetry">those who hate the godly are punished. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">22</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> rescues his servants; </p>
<p class="poetry">all who take shelter in him escape punishment. </p>
