
<h2>Psalm 46</h2>
<p class="psasuper">For the music director, by the Korahites; according to the <i>alamoth</i> style; a song.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">1</span> God is our strong refuge; </p>
<p class="poetry">he is truly our helper in times of trouble. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> For this reason we do not fear when the earth shakes, </p>
<p class="poetry">and the mountains tumble into the depths of the sea, </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> when its waves crash and foam,</p>
<p class="poetry">and the mountains shake before the surging sea. (Selah)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> The river’s channels bring joy to the city of God, </p>
<p class="poetry">the special, holy dwelling place of the Most High. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> God lives within it, it cannot be moved. </p>
<p class="poetry">God rescues it at the break of dawn. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> Nations are in uproar, kingdoms are overthrown. </p>
<p class="poetry">God gives a shout, the earth dissolves. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> of Heaven’s Armies is on our side. </p>
<p class="poetry">The God of Jacob is our stronghold. (Selah)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> Come, Witness the exploits of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>,</p>
<p class="poetry">who brings devastation to the earth. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">9</span> He brings an end to wars throughout the earth. </p>
<p class="poetry">He shatters the bow and breaks the spear;</p>
<p class="poetry">he burns the shields with fire. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> He says, “Stop your striving and recognize that I am God.</p>
<p class="poetry">I will be exalted over the nations! I will be exalted over the earth!” </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> of Heaven’s Armies is on our side! </p>
<p class="poetry">The God of Jacob is our stronghold! (Selah)</p>
