
<h2>Psalm 91</h2>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">1</span> As for you, the one who lives in the shelter of the Most High, </p>
<p class="poetry">and resides in the protective shadow of the Sovereign One —</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> I say this about the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, my shelter and my stronghold,</p>
<p class="poetry">my God in whom I trust—</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> he will certainly rescue you from the snare of the hunter </p>
<p class="poetry">and from the destructive plague. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> He will shelter you with his wings; </p>
<p class="poetry">you will find safety under his wings.</p>
<p class="poetry">His faithfulness is like a shield or a protective wall. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> You need not fear the terrors of the night, </p>
<p class="poetry">the arrow that flies by day, </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> the plague that stalks in the darkness,</p>
<p class="poetry">or the disease that ravages at noon. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> Though a thousand may fall beside you,</p>
<p class="poetry">and a multitude on your right side,</p>
<p class="poetry">it will not reach you.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> Certainly you will see it with your very own eyes—</p>
<p class="poetry">you will see the wicked paid back. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">9</span> For you have taken refuge in the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>,</p>
<p class="poetry">my shelter, the Most High.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> No harm will overtake you;</p>
<p class="poetry">no illness will come near your home. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> For he will order his angels </p>
<p class="poetry">to protect you in all you do. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">12</span> They will lift you up in their hands,</p>
<p class="poetry">so you will not slip and fall on a stone. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">13</span> You will subdue a lion and a snake; </p>
<p class="poetry">you will trample underfoot a young lion and a serpent. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">14</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> says, </p>
<p class="poetry">“Because he is devoted to me, I will deliver him;</p>
<p class="poetry">I will protect him because he is loyal to me. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">15</span> When he calls out to me, I will answer him.</p>
<p class="poetry">I will be with him when he is in trouble;</p>
<p class="poetry">I will rescue him and bring him honor. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">16</span> I will satisfy him with long life, </p>
<p class="poetry">and will let him see my salvation.” </p>
