
<h2>Psalm 21</h2>
<p class="psasuper">For the music director, a psalm of David.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">1</span> O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, the king rejoices in the strength you give; </p>
<p class="poetry">he takes great delight in the deliverance you provide. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> You grant him his heart’s desire;</p>
<p class="poetry">you do not refuse his request. (Selah)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> For you bring him rich blessings; </p>
<p class="poetry">you place a golden crown on his head. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> He asked you to sustain his life, </p>
<p class="poetry">and you have granted him long life and an enduring dynasty. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> Your deliverance brings him great honor; </p>
<p class="poetry">you give him majestic splendor. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> For you grant him lasting blessings;</p>
<p class="poetry">you give him great joy by allowing him into your presence. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> For the king trusts in the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>,</p>
<p class="poetry">and because of the Most High’s faithfulness he is not shaken. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> You prevail over all your enemies;</p>
<p class="poetry">your power is too great for those who hate you. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">9</span> You burn them up like a fiery furnace when you appear. </p>
<p class="poetry">The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> angrily devours them; </p>
<p class="poetry">the fire consumes them.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> You destroy their offspring from the earth,</p>
<p class="poetry">their descendants from among the human race. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> Yes, they intend to do you harm; </p>
<p class="poetry">they dream up a scheme, but they do not succeed. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">12</span> For you make them retreat </p>
<p class="poetry">when you aim your arrows at them. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">13</span> Rise up, O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, in strength! </p>
<p class="poetry">We will sing and praise your power. </p>
