
<h2>Psalm 118</h2>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">1</span> Give thanks to the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, for he is good,</p>
<p class="poetry">and his loyal love endures. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> Let Israel say,</p>
<p class="poetry">“Yes, his loyal love endures.” </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> Let the family of Aaron say,</p>
<p class="poetry">“Yes, his loyal love endures.” </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> Let the loyal followers of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> say,</p>
<p class="poetry">“Yes, his loyal love endures.” </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> In my distress I cried out to the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>.</p>
<p class="poetry">The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> answered me and put me in a wide open place. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> is on my side; I am not afraid.</p>
<p class="poetry">What can people do to me? </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> is on my side as my helper. </p>
<p class="poetry">I look in triumph on those who hate me.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> It is better to take shelter in the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span></p>
<p class="poetry">than to trust in people. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">9</span> It is better to take shelter in the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span></p>
<p class="poetry">than to trust in princes. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> All the nations surrounded me. </p>
<p class="poetry">Indeed, in the name of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> I pushed them away. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> They surrounded me, yes, they surrounded me.</p>
<p class="poetry">Indeed, in the name of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> I pushed them away.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">12</span> They surrounded me like bees.</p>
<p class="poetry">But they disappeared as quickly as a fire among thorns. </p>
<p class="poetry">Indeed, in the name of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> I pushed them away.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">13</span> “You aggressively attacked me and tried to knock me down, </p>
<p class="poetry">but the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> helped me.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">14</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> gives me strength and protects me; </p>
<p class="poetry">he has become my deliverer.” </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">15</span> They celebrate deliverance in the tents of the godly. </p>
<p class="poetry">The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>’s right hand conquers. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">16</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>’s right hand gives victory; </p>
<p class="poetry">the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>’s right hand conquers. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">17</span> I will not die, but live,</p>
<p class="poetry">and I will proclaim what the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> has done. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">18</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> severely punished me,</p>
<p class="poetry">but he did not hand me over to death. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">19</span> Open for me the gates of the just king’s temple. </p>
<p class="poetry">I will enter through them and give thanks to the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">20</span> This is the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>’s gate—</p>
<p class="poetry">the godly enter through it.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">21</span> I will give you thanks, for you answered me,</p>
<p class="poetry">and have become my deliverer. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">22</span> The stone that the builders discarded </p>
<p class="poetry">has become the cornerstone. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">23</span> This is the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>’s work.</p>
<p class="poetry">We consider it amazing! </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">24</span> This is the day the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> has brought about. </p>
<p class="poetry">We will be happy and rejoice in it.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">25</span> Please, <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, deliver!</p>
<p class="poetry">Please, <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, grant us success! </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">26</span> May the one who comes in the name of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> be blessed.</p>
<p class="poetry">We will pronounce blessings on you in the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>’s temple. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">27</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> is God, and he has delivered us. </p>
<p class="poetry">Tie the offering with ropes</p>
<p class="poetry">to the horns of the altar. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">28</span> You are my God, and I will give you thanks.</p>
<p class="poetry">You are my God and I will praise you.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">29</span> Give thanks to the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, for he is good</p>
<p class="poetry">and his loyal love endures. </p>
