
<h2>Psalm 63</h2>
<p class="psasuper">A psalm of David, written when he was in the Judean wilderness. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">1</span> O God, you are my God. I long for you. </p>
<p class="poetry">My soul thirsts for you,</p>
<p class="poetry">my flesh yearns for you,</p>
<p class="poetry">in a dry and parched land where there is no water. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> Yes, in the sanctuary I have seen you, </p>
<p class="poetry">and witnessed your power and splendor. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> Because experiencing your loyal love is better than life itself,</p>
<p class="poetry">my lips will praise you.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> For this reason I will praise you while I live;</p>
<p class="poetry">in your name I will lift up my hands. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> As with choice meat you satisfy my soul. </p>
<p class="poetry">My mouth joyfully praises you, </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> whenever I remember you on my bed,</p>
<p class="poetry">and think about you during the nighttime hours. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> For you are my deliverer; </p>
<p class="poetry">under your wings I rejoice. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> My soul pursues you; </p>
<p class="poetry">your right hand upholds me.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">9</span> Enemies seek to destroy my life, </p>
<p class="poetry">but they will descend into the depths of the earth. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> Each one will be handed over to the sword; </p>
<p class="poetry">their corpses will be eaten by jackals. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> But the king will rejoice in God;</p>
<p class="poetry">everyone who takes oaths in his name will boast,</p>
<p class="poetry">for the mouths of those who speak lies will be shut up. </p>
