
<h2>Psalm 116</h2>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">1</span> I love the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span></p>
<p class="poetry">because he heard my plea for mercy, </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> and listened to me. </p>
<p class="poetry">As long as I live, I will call to him when I need help. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> The ropes of death tightened around me, </p>
<p class="poetry">the snares of Sheol confronted me.</p>
<p class="poetry">I was confronted with trouble and sorrow. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> I called on the name of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>,</p>
<p class="poetry">“Please, <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, rescue my life!” </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> is merciful and fair;</p>
<p class="poetry">our God is compassionate. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> protects the untrained; </p>
<p class="poetry">I was in serious trouble and he delivered me.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> Rest once more, my soul, </p>
<p class="poetry">for the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> has vindicated you. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> Yes, <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, you rescued my life from death,</p>
<p class="poetry">kept my eyes from tears </p>
<p class="poetry">and my feet from stumbling. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">9</span> I will serve the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span></p>
<p class="poetry">in the land of the living. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> I had faith when I said,</p>
<p class="poetry">“I am severely oppressed.” </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> I rashly declared, </p>
<p class="poetry">“All men are liars.” </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">12</span> How can I repay the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span></p>
<p class="poetry">for all his acts of kindness to me?</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">13</span> I will celebrate my deliverance, </p>
<p class="poetry">and call on the name of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">14</span> I will fulfill my vows to the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span></p>
<p class="poetry">before all his people. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">15</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> values</p>
<p class="poetry">the lives of his faithful followers. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">16</span> Yes, <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>! I am indeed your servant;</p>
<p class="poetry">I am your servant, the son of your female servant. </p>
<p class="poetry">You saved me from death. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">17</span> I will present a thank offering to you,</p>
<p class="poetry">and call on the name of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">18</span> I will fulfill my vows to the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span></p>
<p class="poetry">before all his people, </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">19</span> in the courts of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>’s temple,</p>
<p class="poetry">in your midst, O Jerusalem.</p>
<p class="poetry">Praise the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>! </p>
