
<h2>Psalm 8</h2>
<p class="psasuper">For the music director, according to the <i>gittith</i> style; a psalm of David.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">1</span> O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, our Lord, </p>
<p class="poetry">how magnificent is your reputation throughout the earth!</p>
<p class="poetry">You reveal your majesty in the heavens above. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> From the mouths of children and nursing babies</p>
<p class="poetry">you have ordained praise on account of your adversaries, </p>
<p class="poetry">so that you might put an end to the vindictive enemy. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> When I look up at the heavens, which your fingers made,</p>
<p class="poetry">and see the moon and the stars, which you set in place, </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> Of what importance is the human race, that you should notice them?</p>
<p class="poetry">Of what importance is mankind, that you should pay attention to them? </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> You made them a little less than the heavenly beings. </p>
<p class="poetry">You crowned mankind with honor and majesty. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> you appoint them to rule over your creation; </p>
<p class="poetry">you have placed everything under their authority, </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> including all the sheep and cattle,</p>
<p class="poetry">as well as the wild animals, </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> the birds in the sky, the fish in the sea,</p>
<p class="poetry">and everything that moves through the currents of the seas. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">9</span> O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, our Lord, </p>
<p class="poetry">how magnificent is your reputation throughout the earth! </p>
