<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"/>
<title>NET Bible 2.1 (noteless) John 1:19-51</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>John<br/>Chapter 1</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The Testimony of John the Baptist </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">19</span> Now this was John’s testimony when the Jewish leaders sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, “Who are you?” <span class="verse">20</span> He confessed—he did not deny but confessed—“I am not the Christ!” <span class="verse">21</span> So they asked him, “Then who are you? Are you Elijah?” He said, “I am not!” “Are you the Prophet?” He answered, “No!” <span class="verse">22</span> Then they said to him, “Who are you? Tell us so that we can give an answer to those who sent us. What do you say about yourself?” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">23</span> John said, “I am <b><i>the voice of one shouting in the wilderness, ‘Make straight</i></b> <b><i>the way for the Lord,’</i></b> as the prophet Isaiah said.” <span class="verse">24</span> (Now they had been sent from the Pharisees.) <span class="verse">25</span> So they asked John, “Why then are you baptizing if you are not the Christ, nor Elijah, nor the Prophet?” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">26</span> John answered them, “I baptize with water. Among you stands one whom you do not recognize, <span class="verse">27</span> who is coming after me. I am not worthy to untie the strap of his sandal!” <span class="verse">28</span> These things happened in Bethany across the Jordan River where John was baptizing. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">29</span> On the next day John saw Jesus coming toward him and said, “Look, the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world! <span class="verse">30</span> This is the one about whom I said, ‘After me comes a man who is greater than I am, because he existed before me.’ <span class="verse">31</span> I did not recognize him, but I came baptizing with water so that he could be revealed to Israel.” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">32</span> Then John testified, “I saw the Spirit descending like a dove from heaven, and it remained on him. <span class="verse">33</span> And I did not recognize him, but the one who sent me to baptize with water said to me, ‘The one on whom you see the Spirit descending and remaining—this is the one who baptizes with the Holy Spirit.’ <span class="verse">34</span> I have both seen and testified that this man is the Chosen One of God.” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">35</span> Again the next day John was standing there with two of his disciples. <span class="verse">36</span> Gazing at Jesus as he walked by, he said, “Look, the Lamb of God!” <span class="verse">37</span> When John’s two disciples heard him say this, they followed Jesus. <span class="verse">38</span> Jesus turned around and saw them following and said to them, “What do you want?” So they said to him, “Rabbi” (which is translated Teacher), “where are you staying?” <span class="verse">39</span> Jesus answered, “Come and you will see.” So they came and saw where he was staying, and they stayed with him that day. Now it was about four o’clock in the afternoon. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Andrew’s Declaration</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">40</span> Andrew, the brother of Simon Peter, was one of the two disciples who heard what John said and followed Jesus. <span class="verse">41</span> He first found his own brother Simon and told him, “We have found the Messiah!” (which is translated Christ). <span class="verse">42</span> Andrew brought Simon to Jesus. Jesus looked at him and said, “You are Simon, the son of John. You will be called Cephas” (which is translated Peter). </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The Calling of More Disciples</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">43</span> On the next day Jesus wanted to set out for Galilee. He found Philip and said to him, “Follow me.” <span class="verse">44</span> (Now Philip was from Bethsaida, the town of Andrew and Peter.) <span class="verse">45</span> Philip found Nathanael and told him, “We have found the one Moses wrote about in the law, and the prophets also wrote about—Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.” <span class="verse">46</span> Nathanael replied, “Can anything good come out of Nazareth?” Philip replied, “Come and see.” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">47</span> Jesus saw Nathanael coming toward him and exclaimed, “Look, a true Israelite <i>in</i> <i>whom there is no deceit!</i>” <span class="verse">48</span> Nathanael asked him, “How do you know me?” Jesus replied, “Before Philip called you, when you were under the fig tree, I saw you.” <span class="verse">49</span> Nathanael answered him, “Rabbi, you are the Son of God; you are the king of Israel!” <span class="verse">50</span> Jesus said to him, “Because I told you that I saw you under the fig tree, do you believe? You will see greater things than these.” <span class="verse">51</span> He continued, “I tell all of you the solemn truth —you will see heaven opened and the angels of God ascending and descending on the Son of Man.” </p>
</body>
</html>