<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"/>
<title>NET Bible 2.1 (noteless) Matthew 8:1-13</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Matthew<br/>Chapter 8:1-13</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Cleansing a Leper</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> After he came down from the mountain, large crowds followed him. <span class="verse">2</span> And a leper approached and bowed low before him, saying, “Lord, if you are willing, you can make me clean.” <span class="verse">3</span> He stretched out his hand and touched him saying, “I am willing. Be clean!” Immediately his leprosy was cleansed. <span class="verse">4</span> Then Jesus said to him, “See that you do not speak to anyone, but go, show yourself to the priest, and bring the offering that Moses commanded, as a testimony to them.” </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Healing the Centurion’s Servant </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">5</span> When he entered Capernaum, a centurion came to him asking for help: <span class="verse">6</span> “Lord, my servant is lying at home paralyzed, in terrible anguish.” <span class="verse">7</span> Jesus said to him, “I will come and heal him.” <span class="verse">8</span> But the centurion replied, “Lord, I am not worthy to have you come under my roof! Instead, just say the word and my servant will be healed. <span class="verse">9</span> For I too am a man under authority, with soldiers under me. I say to this one, ‘Go!’ and he goes, and to another ‘Come!’ and he comes, and to my slave ‘Do this!’ and he does it.” <span class="verse">10</span> When Jesus heard this he was amazed and said to those who followed him, “I tell you the truth, I have not found such faith in anyone in Israel! <span class="verse">11</span> I tell you, many will come from the east and west to share the banquet with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob in the kingdom of heaven, <span class="verse">12</span> but the sons of the kingdom will be thrown out into the outer darkness, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.” <span class="verse">13</span> Then Jesus said to the centurion, “Go; just as you believed, it will be done for you.” And the servant was healed at that hour. </p>
</body>
</html>