<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"/>
<title>NET Bible 2.1 (noteless) 1 Kings 15:25-34</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>1 Kings<br/>Chapter 15:25-34</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Nadab’s Reign over Israel</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">25</span> In the second year of Asa’s reign over Judah, Jeroboam’s son Nadab became the king of Israel; he ruled Israel for two years. <span class="verse">26</span> He did evil in the sight of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>. He followed in his father’s footsteps and encouraged Israel to sin. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">27</span> Baasha son of Ahijah, from the tribe of Issachar, conspired against Nadab and assassinated him in Gibbethon, which was in Philistine territory. This happened while Nadab and all the Israelite army were besieging Gibbethon. <span class="verse">28</span> Baasha killed him in the third year of Asa’s reign over Judah and replaced him as king. <span class="verse">29</span> When he became king, he executed Jeroboam’s entire family. He wiped out everyone who breathed, in keeping with the <span class="smcaps">Lord’</span>s message that he had spoken through his servant Ahijah the Shilonite. <span class="verse">30</span> This happened because of the sins which Jeroboam committed and which he made Israel commit. These sins angered the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> God of Israel. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">31</span> The rest of the events of Nadab’s reign, including all his accomplishments, are recorded in the scroll called the Annals of the Kings of Israel. <span class="verse">32</span> Asa and King Baasha of Israel were continually at war with each other. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Baasha’s Reign over Israel</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">33</span> In the third year of Asa’s reign over Judah, Baasha son of Ahijah became king over all Israel in Tirzah; he ruled for twenty-four years. <span class="verse">34</span> He did evil in the sight of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>; he followed in Jeroboam’s footsteps and encouraged Israel to sin. </p>
</body>
</html>