<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"/>
<title>NET Bible 2.1 (noteless) 2 Kings 18:1-8</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>2 Kings<br/>Chapter 18:1-8</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Hezekiah Becomes King of Judah</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> In the third year of the reign of Israel’s King Hoshea son of Elah, Ahaz’s son Hezekiah became king over Judah. <span class="verse">2</span> He was twenty-five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned twenty-nine years in Jerusalem. His mother was Abi, the daughter of Zechariah. <span class="verse">3</span> He did what the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> approved, just as his ancestor David had done. <span class="verse">4</span> He eliminated the high places, smashed the sacred pillars to bits, and cut down the Asherah pole. He also demolished the bronze serpent that Moses had made, for up to that time the Israelites had been offering incense to it; it was called Nehushtan. <span class="verse">5</span> He trusted in the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> God of Israel; in this regard there was none like him among the kings of Judah either before or after. <span class="verse">6</span> He was loyal to the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> and did not abandon him. He obeyed the commandments that the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> had given to Moses. <span class="verse">7</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> was with him; he succeeded in all his endeavors. He rebelled against the king of Assyria and refused to submit to him. <span class="verse">8</span> He defeated the Philistines as far as Gaza and its territory, from watchtower to fortified city. </p>
</body>
</html>