<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"/>
<title>NET Bible 2.1 (noteless) John 10:1-21</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>John<br/>Chapter 10:1-21</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Jesus as the Good Shepherd</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> “I tell you the solemn truth, the one who does not enter the sheepfold by the door, but climbs in some other way, is a thief and a robber. <span class="verse">2</span> The one who enters by the door is the shepherd of the sheep. <span class="verse">3</span> The doorkeeper opens the door for him, and the sheep hear his voice. He calls his own sheep by name and leads them out. <span class="verse">4</span> When he has brought all his own sheep out, he goes ahead of them, and the sheep follow him because they recognize his voice. <span class="verse">5</span> They will never follow a stranger, but will run away from him, because they do not recognize the stranger’s voice.” <span class="verse">6</span> Jesus told them this parable, but they did not understand what he was saying to them. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">7</span> So Jesus said again, “I tell you the solemn truth, I am the door for the sheep. <span class="verse">8</span> All who came before me were thieves and robbers, but the sheep did not listen to them. <span class="verse">9</span> I am the door. If anyone enters through me, he will be saved, and will come in and go out, and find pasture. <span class="verse">10</span> The thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy; I have come so that they may have life, and may have it abundantly. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">11</span> “I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd lays down his life for the sheep. <span class="verse">12</span> The hired hand, who is not a shepherd and does not own sheep, sees the wolf coming and abandons the sheep and runs away. So the wolf attacks the sheep and scatters them. <span class="verse">13</span> Because he is a hired hand and is not concerned about the sheep, he runs away. </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">14</span> “I am the good shepherd. I know my own and my own know me— <span class="verse">15</span> just as the Father knows me and I know the Father—and I lay down my life for the sheep. <span class="verse">16</span> I have other sheep that do not come from this sheepfold. I must bring them too, and they will listen to my voice, so that there will be one flock and one shepherd. <span class="verse">17</span> This is why the Father loves me —because I lay down my life, so that I may take it back again. <span class="verse">18</span> No one takes it away from me, but I lay it down of my own free will. I have the authority to lay it down, and I have the authority to take it back again. This commandment I received from my Father.” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">19</span> Another sharp division took place among the Jewish people because of these words. <span class="verse">20</span> Many of them were saying, “He is possessed by a demon and has lost his mind! Why do you listen to him?” <span class="verse">21</span> Others said, “These are not the words of someone possessed by a demon. A demon cannot cause the blind to see, can it?” </p>
</body>
</html>