<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"/>
<title>NET Bible 2.1 (noteless) Luke 18:1-14</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Luke<br/>Chapter 18:1-14</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Prayer and the Parable of the Persistent Widow</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> Then Jesus told them a parable to show them they should always pray and not lose heart. <span class="verse">2</span> He said, “In a certain city there was a judge who neither feared God nor respected people. <span class="verse">3</span> There was also a widow in that city who kept coming to him and saying, ‘Give me justice against my adversary.’ <span class="verse">4</span> For a while he refused, but later on he said to himself, ‘Though I neither fear God nor have regard for people, <span class="verse">5</span> yet because this widow keeps on bothering me, I will give her justice, or in the end she will wear me out by her unending pleas.’” <span class="verse">6</span> And the Lord said, “Listen to what the unrighteous judge says! <span class="verse">7</span> Won’t God give justice to his chosen ones, who cry out to him day and night? Will he delay long to help them? <span class="verse">8</span> I tell you, he will give them justice speedily. Nevertheless, when the Son of Man comes, will he find faith on earth?” </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">The Parable of the Pharisee and Tax Collector</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">9</span> Jesus also told this parable to some who were confident that they were righteous and looked down on everyone else. <span class="verse">10</span> “Two men went up to the temple to pray, one a Pharisee and the other a tax collector. <span class="verse">11</span> The Pharisee stood and prayed about himself like this: ‘God, I thank you that I am not like other people: extortionists, unrighteous people, adulterers—or even like this tax collector. <span class="verse">12</span> I fast twice a week; I give a tenth of everything I get.’ <span class="verse">13</span> The tax collector, however, stood far off and would not even look up to heaven, but beat his breast and said, ‘God, be merciful to me, sinner that I am!’ <span class="verse">14</span> I tell you that this man went down to his home justified rather than the Pharisee. For everyone who exalts himself will be humbled, but he who humbles himself will be exalted.” </p>
</body>
</html>