<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"/>
<title>NET Bible 2.1 (noteless) Matthew 12:1-21</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Matthew<br/>Chapter 12:1-21</h1>
<p class="paragraphtitle">Lord of the Sabbath </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">1</span> At that time Jesus went through the grain fields on a Sabbath. His disciples were hungry, and they began to pick heads of wheat and eat them. <span class="verse">2</span> But when the Pharisees saw this they said to him, “Look, your disciples are doing what is against the law to do on the Sabbath.” <span class="verse">3</span> He said to them, “Haven’t you read what David did when he and his companions were hungry— <span class="verse">4</span> how he entered the house of God and ate the sacred bread, which was against the law for him or his companions to eat, but only for the priests? <span class="verse">5</span> Or have you not read in the law that the priests in the temple desecrate the Sabbath and yet are not guilty? <span class="verse">6</span> I tell you that something greater than the temple is here. <span class="verse">7</span> If you had known what this means: ‘<b><i>I want mercy and not sacrifice</i></b>,’ you would not have condemned the innocent. <span class="verse">8</span> For the Son of Man is lord of the Sabbath.” </p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">9</span> Then Jesus left that place and entered their synagogue. <span class="verse">10</span> A man was there who had a withered hand. And they asked Jesus, “Is it lawful to heal on the Sabbath?” so that they could accuse him. <span class="verse">11</span> He said to them, “Would not any one of you, if he had one sheep that fell into a pit on the Sabbath, take hold of it and lift it out? <span class="verse">12</span> How much more valuable is a person than a sheep! So it is lawful to do good on the Sabbath.” <span class="verse">13</span> Then he said to the man, “Stretch out your hand.” He stretched it out and it was restored, as healthy as the other. <span class="verse">14</span> But the Pharisees went out and plotted against him, as to how they could assassinate him. </p>
<p class="paragraphtitle">God’s Special Servant</p>
<p class="bodytext"><span class="verse">15</span> Now when Jesus learned of this, he went away from there. Great crowds followed him, and he healed them all. <span class="verse">16</span> But he sternly warned them not to make him known. <span class="verse">17</span> This fulfilled what was spoken by the prophet Isaiah: </p>
<p class="otpoetry"><span class="verse">18</span> “<b><i>Here is</i></b> <b><i>my</i> <i>servant whom I have chosen,</i></b> </p>
<p class="otpoetry"><i><b>the one I love, in whom I take great delight</b></i>. </p>
<p class="otpoetry"><i><b>I will put my Spirit on him, and he will proclaim justice to the nations</b></i>. </p>
<p class="otpoetry"><span class="verse">19</span> <b><i>He will not quarrel or cry out,</i></b> </p>
<p class="otpoetry"><i><b>nor will anyone hear his voice in the streets</b></i>.</p>
<p class="otpoetry"><span class="verse">20</span> <b><i>He will not break a bruised reed or extinguish a smoldering wick,</i></b> </p>
<p class="otpoetry"><i><b>until he brings justice to victory</b></i>. </p>
<p class="otpoetry"><span class="verse">21</span> <b><i>And in his name the Gentiles</i></b> <i><b>will hope</b></i>.” </p>
</body>
</html>