<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"/>
<title>NET Bible 2.1 (noteless) Psalms 119:89-176</title>
</head>
<body>
<h2>Psalm 119:89-176</h2>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">ל</span> (<i>Lamed</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">89</span> O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, your instructions endure;</p>
<p class="poetry">they stand secure in heaven. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">90</span> You demonstrate your faithfulness to all generations. </p>
<p class="poetry">You established the earth and it stood firm.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">91</span> Today they stand firm by your decrees,</p>
<p class="poetry">for all things are your servants. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">92</span> If I had not found encouragement in your law, </p>
<p class="poetry">I would have died in my sorrow. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">93</span> I will never forget your precepts,</p>
<p class="poetry">for by them you have revived me. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">94</span> I belong to you. Deliver me!</p>
<p class="poetry">For I seek your precepts. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">95</span> The wicked prepare to kill me, </p>
<p class="poetry">yet I concentrate on your rules. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">96</span> I realize that everything has its limits,</p>
<p class="poetry">but your commands are beyond full comprehension. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">מ</span> (<i>Mem</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">97</span> O how I love your law!</p>
<p class="poetry">All day long I meditate on it.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">98</span> Your commandments make me wiser than my enemies,</p>
<p class="poetry">for I am always aware of them.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">99</span> I have more insight than all my teachers,</p>
<p class="poetry">for I meditate on your rules. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">100</span> I am more discerning than those older than I,</p>
<p class="poetry">for I observe your precepts. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">101</span> I stay away from every evil path,</p>
<p class="poetry">so that I might keep your instructions. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">102</span> I do not turn aside from your regulations,</p>
<p class="poetry">for you teach me.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">103</span> Your words are sweeter</p>
<p class="poetry">in my mouth than honey! </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">104</span> Your precepts give me discernment.</p>
<p class="poetry">Therefore I hate all deceitful actions. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">נ</span> (<i>Nun</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">105</span> Your word is a lamp to walk by,</p>
<p class="poetry">and a light to illumine my path. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">106</span> I have vowed and solemnly sworn</p>
<p class="poetry">to keep your just regulations. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">107</span> I am suffering terribly.</p>
<p class="poetry">O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, revive me with your word. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">108</span> O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, please accept the freewill offerings of my praise. </p>
<p class="poetry">Teach me your regulations. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">109</span> My life is in continual danger, </p>
<p class="poetry">but I do not forget your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">110</span> The wicked lay a trap for me,</p>
<p class="poetry">but I do not wander from your precepts. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">111</span> I claim your rules as my permanent possession,</p>
<p class="poetry">for they give me joy. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">112</span> I am determined to obey your statutes</p>
<p class="poetry">at all times, to the very end. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><b><span class="hebrew">ס</span> (</b><i>Samek</i><b>)</b></p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">113</span> I hate people with divided loyalties, </p>
<p class="poetry">but I love your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">114</span> You are my hiding place and my shield.</p>
<p class="poetry">I find hope in your word. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">115</span> Turn away from me, you evil men,</p>
<p class="poetry">so that I can observe the commands of my God. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">116</span> Sustain me as you promised, so that I will live. </p>
<p class="poetry">Do not disappoint me. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">117</span> Support me, so that I will be delivered.</p>
<p class="poetry">Then I will focus on your statutes continually. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">118</span> You despise all who stray from your statutes,</p>
<p class="poetry">for such people are deceptive and unreliable. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">119</span> You remove all the wicked of the earth like slag. </p>
<p class="poetry">Therefore I love your rules. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">120</span> My body trembles because I fear you; </p>
<p class="poetry">I am afraid of your judgments. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">ע</span> (<i>Ayin</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">121</span> I do what is fair and right. </p>
<p class="poetry">Do not abandon me to my oppressors. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">122</span> Guarantee the welfare of your servant. </p>
<p class="poetry">Do not let the arrogant oppress me.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">123</span> My eyes grow tired as I wait for your deliverance, </p>
<p class="poetry">for your reliable promise to be fulfilled. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">124</span> Show your servant your loyal love. </p>
<p class="poetry">Teach me your statutes. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">125</span> I am your servant. Give me insight,</p>
<p class="poetry">so that I can understand your rules. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">126</span> It is time for the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> to act—</p>
<p class="poetry">they break your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">127</span> For this reason I love your commands</p>
<p class="poetry">more than gold, even purest gold. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">128</span> For this reason I carefully follow all your precepts. </p>
<p class="poetry">I hate all deceitful actions. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">פ</span> (<i>Pe</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">129</span> Your rules are marvelous.</p>
<p class="poetry">Therefore I observe them.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">130</span> Your instructions are a doorway through which light shines. </p>
<p class="poetry">They give insight to the untrained. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">131</span> I open my mouth and pant,</p>
<p class="poetry">because I long for your commands. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">132</span> Turn toward me and extend mercy to me,</p>
<p class="poetry">as you typically do to your loyal followers. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">133</span> Direct my steps by your word. </p>
<p class="poetry">Do not let any sin dominate me.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">134</span> Deliver me from oppressive men,</p>
<p class="poetry">so that I can keep your precepts. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">135</span> Smile on your servant.</p>
<p class="poetry">Teach me your statutes! </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">136</span> Tears stream down from my eyes, </p>
<p class="poetry">because people do not keep your law. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">צ</span> (<i>Tsade</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">137</span> You are just, O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>,</p>
<p class="poetry">and your judgments are fair. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">138</span> The rules you impose are just, </p>
<p class="poetry">and absolutely reliable. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">139</span> My zeal consumes me,</p>
<p class="poetry">for my enemies forget your instructions. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">140</span> Your word is absolutely pure,</p>
<p class="poetry">and your servant loves it.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">141</span> I am insignificant and despised,</p>
<p class="poetry">yet I do not forget your precepts. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">142</span> Your justice endures, </p>
<p class="poetry">and your law is reliable. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">143</span> Distress and hardship confront me,</p>
<p class="poetry">yet I find delight in your commands. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">144</span> Your rules remain just. </p>
<p class="poetry">Give me insight so that I can live. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">ק</span> (<i>Qof</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">145</span> I cried out with all my heart, “Answer me, O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>!</p>
<p class="poetry">I will observe your statutes.” </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">146</span> I cried out to you, “Deliver me,</p>
<p class="poetry">so that I can keep your rules.” </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">147</span> I am up before dawn crying for help.</p>
<p class="poetry">I find hope in your word. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">148</span> My eyes anticipate the nighttime hours,</p>
<p class="poetry">so that I can meditate on your word. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">149</span> Listen to me because of your loyal love.</p>
<p class="poetry">O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, revive me, as you typically do. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">150</span> Those who are eager to do wrong draw near;</p>
<p class="poetry">they are far from your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">151</span> You are near, O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>,</p>
<p class="poetry">and all your commands are reliable. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">152</span> I learned long ago that</p>
<p class="poetry">you ordained your rules to last. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">ר</span> (<i>Resh</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">153</span> See my pain and rescue me.</p>
<p class="poetry">For I do not forget your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">154</span> Fight for me and defend me. </p>
<p class="poetry">Revive me with your word. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">155</span> The wicked have no chance for deliverance, </p>
<p class="poetry">for they do not seek your statutes. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">156</span> Your compassion is great, O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>.</p>
<p class="poetry">Revive me, as you typically do. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">157</span> The enemies who chase me are numerous. </p>
<p class="poetry">Yet I do not turn aside from your rules. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">158</span> I take note of the treacherous and despise them,</p>
<p class="poetry">because they do not keep your instructions. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">159</span> See how I love your precepts.</p>
<p class="poetry">O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, revive me with your loyal love. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">160</span> Your instructions are totally reliable;</p>
<p class="poetry">all your just regulations endure. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">שׂ</span>/<span class="hebrew">שׁ</span> (<i>Sin/Shin</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">161</span> Rulers pursue me for no reason,</p>
<p class="poetry">yet I am more afraid of disobeying your instructions. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">162</span> I rejoice in your instructions,</p>
<p class="poetry">like one who finds much plunder. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">163</span> I hate and despise deceit;</p>
<p class="poetry">I love your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">164</span> Seven times a day I praise you</p>
<p class="poetry">because of your just regulations. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">165</span> Those who love your law are completely secure; </p>
<p class="poetry">nothing causes them to stumble. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">166</span> I hope for your deliverance, O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>,</p>
<p class="poetry">and I obey your commands. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">167</span> I keep your rules;</p>
<p class="poetry">I love them greatly. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">168</span> I keep your precepts and rules,</p>
<p class="poetry">for you are aware of everything I do. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">ת</span> (<i>Tav</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">169</span> Listen to my cry for help, O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>.</p>
<p class="poetry">Give me insight by your word. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">170</span> Listen to my appeal for mercy. </p>
<p class="poetry">Deliver me, as you promised. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">171</span> May praise flow freely from my lips,</p>
<p class="poetry">for you teach me your statutes. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">172</span> May my tongue sing about your instructions, </p>
<p class="poetry">for all your commands are just. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">173</span> May your hand help me,</p>
<p class="poetry">for I choose to obey your precepts. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">174</span> I long for your deliverance, O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>;</p>
<p class="poetry">I find delight in your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">175</span> May I live and praise you.</p>
<p class="poetry">May your regulations help me. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">176</span> I have wandered off like a lost sheep. </p>
<p class="poetry">Come looking for your servant,</p>
<p class="poetry">for I do not forget your commands. </p>
</body>
</html>