<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"/>
<title>NET Bible 2.1 (noteless) Psalms 119:1-88</title>
</head>
<body>
<h2>Psalm 119:1-88</h2>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">א</span> (<i>Alef</i>) </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">1</span> How blessed are those whose actions are blameless, </p>
<p class="poetry">who obey the law of the <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">2</span> How blessed are those who observe his rules,</p>
<p class="poetry">and seek him with all their heart, </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">3</span> who, moreover, do no wrong,</p>
<p class="poetry">but follow in his footsteps. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">4</span> You demand that your precepts</p>
<p class="poetry">be carefully kept. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">5</span> If only I were predisposed </p>
<p class="poetry">to keep your statutes. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">6</span> Then I would not be ashamed,</p>
<p class="poetry">if I were focused on all your commands. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">7</span> I will give you sincere thanks, </p>
<p class="poetry">when I learn your just regulations. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">8</span> I will keep your statutes.</p>
<p class="poetry">Do not completely abandon me. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">ב</span> (<i>Bet</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">9</span> How can a young person maintain a pure life? </p>
<p class="poetry">By guarding it according to your instructions. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">10</span> With all my heart I seek you.</p>
<p class="poetry">Do not allow me to stray from your commands. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">11</span> In my heart I store up your words, </p>
<p class="poetry">so I might not sin against you.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">12</span> You deserve praise, O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>.</p>
<p class="poetry">Teach me your statutes. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">13</span> With my lips I proclaim</p>
<p class="poetry">all the regulations you have revealed. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">14</span> I rejoice in the lifestyle prescribed by your rules </p>
<p class="poetry">as if they were riches of all kinds. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">15</span> I will meditate on your precepts</p>
<p class="poetry">and focus on your behavior. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">16</span> I find delight in your statutes;</p>
<p class="poetry">I do not forget your instructions. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">ג</span> (<i>Gimel</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">17</span> Be kind to your servant.</p>
<p class="poetry">Then I will live and keep your instructions. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">18</span> Open my eyes so I can truly see </p>
<p class="poetry">the marvelous things in your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">19</span> I am a resident foreigner in this land. </p>
<p class="poetry">Do not hide your commands from me.</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">20</span> I desperately long to know </p>
<p class="poetry">your regulations at all times. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">21</span> You reprimand arrogant people.</p>
<p class="poetry">Those who stray from your commands are doomed. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">22</span> Spare me shame and humiliation,</p>
<p class="poetry">for I observe your rules. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">23</span> Though rulers plot and slander me, </p>
<p class="poetry">your servant meditates on your statutes. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">24</span> Yes, I find delight in your rules;</p>
<p class="poetry">they give me guidance. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">ד</span> (<i>Dalet</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">25</span> I collapse in the dirt. </p>
<p class="poetry">Revive me with your word. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">26</span> I told you about my ways and you answered me.</p>
<p class="poetry">Teach me your statutes. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">27</span> Help me to understand what your precepts mean. </p>
<p class="poetry">Then I can meditate on your marvelous teachings. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">28</span> I collapse from grief.</p>
<p class="poetry">Sustain me by your word. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">29</span> Remove me from the path of deceit. </p>
<p class="poetry">Graciously give me your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">30</span> I choose the path of faithfulness;</p>
<p class="poetry">I am committed to your regulations. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">31</span> I hold fast to your rules.</p>
<p class="poetry">O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, do not let me be ashamed. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">32</span> I run along the path of your commands,</p>
<p class="poetry">for you enable me to do so. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">ה</span> (<i>He</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">33</span> Teach me, O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, the lifestyle prescribed by your statutes, </p>
<p class="poetry">so that I might observe it continually. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">34</span> Give me understanding so that I might observe your law,</p>
<p class="poetry">and keep it with all my heart. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">35</span> Guide me in the path of your commands,</p>
<p class="poetry">for I delight to walk in it. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">36</span> Give me a desire for your rules, </p>
<p class="poetry">rather than for wealth gained unjustly. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">37</span> Turn my eyes away from what is worthless. </p>
<p class="poetry">Revive me with your word. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">38</span> Confirm to your servant your promise, </p>
<p class="poetry">which you made to the one who honors you. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">39</span> Take away the insults that I dread. </p>
<p class="poetry">Indeed, your regulations are good. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">40</span> Look, I long for your precepts.</p>
<p class="poetry">Revive me with your deliverance. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">ו</span> (<i>Vav</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">41</span> May I experience your loyal love, O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>,</p>
<p class="poetry">and your deliverance, as you promised. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">42</span> Then I will have a reply for the one who insults me, </p>
<p class="poetry">for I trust in your word. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">43</span> Do not completely deprive me of a truthful testimony, </p>
<p class="poetry">for I await your justice. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">44</span> Then I will keep your law continually</p>
<p class="poetry">now and for all time. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">45</span> I will be secure, </p>
<p class="poetry">for I seek your precepts. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">46</span> I will speak about your regulations before kings</p>
<p class="poetry">and not be ashamed. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">47</span> I will find delight in your commands,</p>
<p class="poetry">which I love. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">48</span> I will lift my hands to your commands,</p>
<p class="poetry">which I love,</p>
<p class="poetry">and I will meditate on your statutes. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">ז</span> (<i>Zayin</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">49</span> Remember your word to your servant,</p>
<p class="poetry">for you have given me hope. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">50</span> This is what comforts me in my trouble,</p>
<p class="poetry">for your promise revives me. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">51</span> Arrogant people do nothing but scoff at me. </p>
<p class="poetry">Yet I do not turn aside from your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">52</span> I remember your ancient regulations, </p>
<p class="poetry">O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, and console myself. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">53</span> Rage takes hold of me because of the wicked,</p>
<p class="poetry">those who reject your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">54</span> Your statutes have been my songs </p>
<p class="poetry">in the house where I live. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">55</span> I remember your name during the night, O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>,</p>
<p class="poetry">and I will keep your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">56</span> This has been my practice,</p>
<p class="poetry">for I observe your precepts. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">ח</span> (<i>Khet</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">57</span> The <span class="smcaps">Lord</span> is my source of security. </p>
<p class="poetry">I have determined to follow your instructions. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">58</span> I seek your favor with all my heart.</p>
<p class="poetry">Have mercy on me as you promised. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">59</span> I consider my actions </p>
<p class="poetry">and follow your rules. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">60</span> I keep your commands eagerly</p>
<p class="poetry">and without delay. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">61</span> The ropes of the wicked tighten around me,</p>
<p class="poetry">but I do not forget your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">62</span> In the middle of the night I arise to thank you</p>
<p class="poetry">for your just regulations. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">63</span> I am a friend to all your loyal followers, </p>
<p class="poetry">and to those who keep your precepts. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">64</span> O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, your loyal love fills the earth.</p>
<p class="poetry">Teach me your statutes! </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">ט</span> (<i>Tet</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">65</span> You are good to your servant,</p>
<p class="poetry">O <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, just as you promised. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">66</span> Teach me proper discernment and understanding.</p>
<p class="poetry">For I consider your commands to be reliable. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">67</span> Before I was afflicted I used to stray off, </p>
<p class="poetry">but now I keep your instructions. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">68</span> You are good and you do good.</p>
<p class="poetry">Teach me your statutes. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">69</span> Arrogant people smear my reputation with lies, </p>
<p class="poetry">but I observe your precepts with all my heart. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">70</span> Their hearts are calloused, </p>
<p class="poetry">but I find delight in your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">71</span> It was good for me to suffer,</p>
<p class="poetry">so that I might learn your statutes. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">72</span> The law you have revealed is more important to me</p>
<p class="poetry">than thousands of pieces of gold and silver. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">י</span> (<i>Yod</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">73</span> Your hands made me and formed me. </p>
<p class="poetry">Give me understanding so that I might learn your commands. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">74</span> Your loyal followers will be glad when they see me, </p>
<p class="poetry">for I find hope in your word. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">75</span> I know, <span class="smcaps">Lord</span>, that your regulations are just.</p>
<p class="poetry">You disciplined me because of your faithful devotion to me. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">76</span> May your loyal love console me,</p>
<p class="poetry">as you promised your servant. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">77</span> May I experience your compassion, so I might live.</p>
<p class="poetry">For I find delight in your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">78</span> May the arrogant be humiliated, for they have slandered me. </p>
<p class="poetry">But I meditate on your precepts. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">79</span> May your loyal followers turn to me,</p>
<p class="poetry">those who know your rules. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">80</span> May I be fully committed to your statutes, </p>
<p class="poetry">so that I might not be ashamed. </p>
<p class="lamhebrew"><span class="hebrew">כ</span> (<i>Kaf</i>)</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">81</span> I desperately long for your deliverance.</p>
<p class="poetry">I find hope in your word. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">82</span> My eyes grow tired as I wait for your promise to be fulfilled. </p>
<p class="poetry">I say, “When will you comfort me?”</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">83</span> For I am like a wineskin dried up in smoke. </p>
<p class="poetry">I do not forget your statutes. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">84</span> How long must your servant endure this? </p>
<p class="poetry">When will you judge those who pursue me?</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">85</span> The arrogant dig pits to trap me, </p>
<p class="poetry">which violates your law. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">86</span> All your commands are reliable.</p>
<p class="poetry">I am pursued without reason. Help me!</p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">87</span> They have almost destroyed me here on the earth,</p>
<p class="poetry">but I do not reject your precepts. </p>
<p class="poetry"><span class="verse">88</span> Revive me with your loyal love,</p>
<p class="poetry">that I might keep the rules you have revealed. </p>
</body>
</html>